the size: 256the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 257the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 258the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 259the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 260the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 261the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 262the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 263the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 264the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 265the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 266the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 267the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 268the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 269the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 270the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 271the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 272the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 273the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 274the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 275the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 276the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 277the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 278the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 279the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 280the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 281the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 282the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 283the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 284the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 285the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 286the id: 44 and the character: ,
the size: 287the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 288the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 289the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 290the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 291the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 292the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 293the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 294the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 295the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 296the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 297the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 298the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 299the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 300the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 301the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 302the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 303the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 304the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 305the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 306the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 307the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 308the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 309the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 310the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 311the id: 291 and the character: th
the size: 312the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 313the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 314the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 315the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 316the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 317the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 318the id: 46 and the character: .
the size: 319the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 320the id: 87 and the character: W
the size: 321the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 322the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 323the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 324the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 325the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 326the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 327the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 328the id: 291 and the character: th
the size: 329the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 330the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 331the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 332the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 333the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 334the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 335the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 336the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 337the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 338the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 339the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 340the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 341the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 342the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 343the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 344the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 345the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 346the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 347the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 348the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 349the id: 265 and the character: br
the size: 350the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 351the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 352the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 353the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 354the id: 288 and the character:  an
the size: 355the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 356the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 357the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 358the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 359the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 360the id: 314 and the character: rt
the size: 361the id: 311 and the character:  t
the size: 362the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 363the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 364the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 365the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 366the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 367the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 368the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 369the id: 291 and the character: th
the size: 370the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 371the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 372the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 373the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 374the id: 258 and the character:  w
the size: 375the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 376the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 377the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 378the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 379the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 380the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 381the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 382the id: 368 and the character: pe
the size: 383the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 384the id: 113 and the character: q
the size: 385the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 386the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 387the id: 298 and the character: ck
the size: 388the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 389the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 390the id: 291 and the character: th
the size: 391the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 392the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 393the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 394the id: 268 and the character: gh
the size: 395the id: 311 and the character:  t
the size: 396the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 397the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 398the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 399the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 400the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 401the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 402the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 403the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 404the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 405the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 406the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 407the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 408the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 409the id: 86 and the character: V
the size: 410the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 411the id: 345 and the character: to
the size: 412the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 413the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 414the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 415the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 416the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 417the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 418the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 419the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 420the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 421the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 422the id: 291 and the character: th
the size: 423the id: 393 and the character: ou
the size: 424the id: 395 and the character: gh 
the size: 425the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 426the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 427the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 428the id: 385 and the character: qu
the size: 429the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 430the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 431the id: 389 and the character: ly
the size: 432the id: 356 and the character:  e
the size: 433the id: 426 and the character: no
the size: 434the id: 394 and the character: ug
the size: 435the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 436the id: 362 and the character:  to
the size: 437the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 438the id: 284 and the character: pr
the size: 439the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 440the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 441the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 442the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 443the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 444the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 445the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 446the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 447the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 448the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 449the id: 407 and the character: of
the size: 450the id: 398 and the character:  g
the size: 451the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 452the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 453the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 454the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 455the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 456the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 457the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 458the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 459the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 460the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 461the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 462the id: 433 and the character:  en
the size: 463the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 464the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 465the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 466the id: 310 and the character: g 
the size: 467the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 468the id: 296 and the character: lo
the size: 469the id: 466 and the character: ng
the size: 470the id: 375 and the character:  wi
the size: 471the id: 291 and the character: th
the size: 472the id: 347 and the character:  h
the size: 473the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 474the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 475the id: 46 and the character: .
the size: 476the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 477the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 478the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 479the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 480the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 481the id: 468 and the character: al
the size: 482the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 483the id: 259 and the character: wa
the size: 484the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 485the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 486the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 487the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 488the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 489the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 490the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 491the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 492the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 493the id: 373 and the character: il
the size: 494the id: 342 and the character: ed
the size: 495the id: 294 and the character:  c
the size: 496the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 497the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 498the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 499the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 500the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 501the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 502the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 503the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 504the id: 272 and the character: ol
the size: 505the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 506the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 507the id: 500 and the character: ag
the size: 508the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 509the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 510the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 511the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 512the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 513the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 514the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 515the id: 490 and the character: t o
the size: 516the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 517the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 518the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 519the id: 504 and the character: d o
the size: 520the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 521the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 522the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 523the id: 294 and the character:  c
the size: 524the id: 272 and the character: ol
the size: 525the id: 393 and the character: ou
the size: 526the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 527the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 528the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 529the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 530the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 531the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 532the id: 422 and the character: , t
the size: 533the id: 404 and the character: oo
the size: 534the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 535the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 536the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 537the id: 501 and the character: ge
the size: 538the id: 459 and the character:  f
the size: 539the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 540the id: 279 and the character:  i
the size: 541the id: 289 and the character: nd
the size: 542the id: 404 and the character: oo
the size: 543the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 544the id: 275 and the character:  d
the size: 545the id: 332 and the character: is
the size: 546the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 547the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 548the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 549the id: 330 and the character: , h
the size: 550the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 551the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 552the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 553the id: 316 and the character: ee
the size: 554the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 555the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 556the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 557the id: 298 and the character: ck
the size: 558the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 559the id: 345 and the character: to
the size: 560the id: 396 and the character:  th
the size: 561the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 562the id: 259 and the character: wa
the size: 563the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 564the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 565the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 566the id: 256 and the character: It
the size: 567the id: 275 and the character:  d
the size: 568the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 569the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 570the id: 411 and the character: ict
the size: 571the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 572the id: 418 and the character: si
the size: 573the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 574the id: 547 and the character: pl
the size: 575the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 576the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 577the id: 433 and the character:  en
the size: 578the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 579the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 580the id: 393 and the character: ou
the size: 581the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 582the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 583the id: 557 and the character: ac
the size: 584the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 585the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 586the id: 580 and the character: mo
the size: 587the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 588the id: 396 and the character:  th
the size: 589the id: 577 and the character: an 
the size: 590the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 591the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 592the id: 306 and the character: tr
the size: 593the id: 562 and the character: e w
the size: 594the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 595the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 596the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 597the id: 58 and the character: :
the size: 598the id: 561 and the character:  the
the size: 599the id: 459 and the character:  f
the size: 600the id: 584 and the character: ace
the size: 601the id: 449 and the character:  o
the size: 602the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 603the id: 591 and the character: a m
the size: 604the id: 577 and the character: an 
the size: 605the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 606the id: 497 and the character: ab
the size: 607the id: 393 and the character: ou
the size: 608the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 609the id: 359 and the character: fo
the size: 610the id: 314 and the character: rt
the size: 611the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 612the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 613the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 614the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 615the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 616the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 617the id: 446 and the character: wi
the size: 618the id: 472 and the character: th 
the size: 619the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 620the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 621the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 622the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 623the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 624the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 625the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 626the id: 298 and the character: ck
the size: 627the id: 509 and the character:  m
the size: 628the id: 581 and the character: ous
the size: 629the id: 556 and the character: ta
the size: 630the id: 334 and the character: ch
the size: 631the id: 502 and the character: e a
the size: 632the id: 289 and the character: nd
the size: 633the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 634the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 635the id: 394 and the character: ug
the size: 636the id: 501 and the character: ge
the size: 637the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 638the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 639the id: 481 and the character: ha
the size: 640the id: 289 and the character: nd
the size: 641the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 642the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 643the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 644the id: 459 and the character:  f
the size: 645the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 646the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 647the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 648the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 649the id: 513 and the character: s.
the size: 650the id: 320 and the character:  W
the size: 651the id: 322 and the character: ins
the size: 652the id: 345 and the character: to
the size: 653the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 654the id: 510 and the character: ma
the size: 655the id: 596 and the character: de
the size: 656the id: 539 and the character:  fo
the size: 657the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 658the id: 370 and the character: the
the size: 659the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 660the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 661the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 662the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 663the id: 650 and the character: s. 
the size: 664the id: 567 and the character: It 
the size: 665the id: 259 and the character: wa
the size: 666the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 667the id: 426 and the character: no
the size: 668the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 669the id: 457 and the character: us
the size: 670the id: 369 and the character: e t
the size: 671the id: 413 and the character: ry
the size: 672the id: 309 and the character: ing
the size: 673the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 674the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 675the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 676the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 677the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 678the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 679the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 680the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 681the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 682the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 683the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 684the id: 458 and the character: st 
the size: 685the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 686the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 687the id: 474 and the character: im
the size: 688the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 689the id: 279 and the character:  i
the size: 690the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 691the id: 666 and the character: was
the size: 692the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 693the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 694the id: 403 and the character: do
the size: 695the id: 462 and the character: m 
the size: 696the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 697the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 698the id: 308 and the character: ki
the size: 699the id: 466 and the character: ng
the size: 700the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 701the id: 503 and the character: and
the size: 702the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 703the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 704the id: 439 and the character: pre
the size: 705the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 706the id: 442 and the character: ent
the size: 707the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 708the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 709the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 710the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 711the id: 306 and the character: tr
the size: 712the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 713the id: 294 and the character:  c
the size: 714the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 715the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 716the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 717the id: 691 and the character: t w
the size: 718the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 719the id: 714 and the character:  cu
the size: 720the id: 490 and the character: t o
the size: 721the id: 358 and the character: ff
the size: 722the id: 275 and the character:  d
the size: 723the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 724the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 725the id: 276 and the character: da
the size: 726the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 727the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 728the id: 268 and the character: gh
the size: 729the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 730the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 731the id: 526 and the character: our
the size: 732the id: 664 and the character: s. I
the size: 733the id: 718 and the character: t wa
the size: 734the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 735the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 736the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 737the id: 361 and the character: rt 
the size: 738the id: 686 and the character: of t
the size: 739the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 740the id: 710 and the character: ec
the size: 741the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 742the id: 643 and the character: om
the size: 743the id: 455 and the character: y d
the size: 744the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 745the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 746the id: 541 and the character:  in
the size: 747the id: 438 and the character:  p
the size: 748the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 749the id: 736 and the character: pa
the size: 750the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 751the id: 687 and the character: ti
the size: 752the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 753the id: 657 and the character:  for
the size: 754the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 755the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 756the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 757the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 758the id: 87 and the character: W
the size: 759the id: 316 and the character: ee
the size: 760the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 761the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 762the id: 479 and the character: Th
the size: 763the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 764the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 765the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 766the id: 734 and the character: t was
the size: 767the id: 693 and the character:  se
the size: 768the id: 680 and the character: ven
the size: 769the id: 459 and the character:  f
the size: 770the id: 728 and the character: lig
the size: 771the id: 269 and the character: ht
the size: 772the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 773the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 774the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 775the id: 701 and the character: , a
the size: 776the id: 633 and the character: nd 
the size: 777the id: 321 and the character: Wi
the size: 778the id: 417 and the character: ns
the size: 779the id: 653 and the character: ton
the size: 780the id: 617 and the character: , w
the size: 781the id: 731 and the character: ho
the size: 782the id: 258 and the character:  w
the size: 783the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 784the id: 312 and the character: thi
the size: 785the id: 611 and the character: rty
the size: 786the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 787the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 788the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 789the id: 632 and the character: e an
the size: 790the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 791the id: 481 and the character: ha
the size: 792the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 793the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 794the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 795the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 796the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 797the id: 530 and the character: os
the size: 798the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 799the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 800the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 801the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 802the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 803the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 804the id: 492 and the character: bo
the size: 805the id: 746 and the character: ve 
the size: 806the id: 348 and the character: his
the size: 807the id: 634 and the character:  r
the size: 808the id: 267 and the character: ig
the size: 809the id: 269 and the character: ht
the size: 810the id: 288 and the character:  an
the size: 811the id: 431 and the character: kl
the size: 812the id: 585 and the character: e,
the size: 813the id: 258 and the character:  w
the size: 814the id: 707 and the character: ent 
the size: 815the id: 379 and the character: sl
the size: 816the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 817the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 818the id: 389 and the character: ly
the size: 819the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 820the id: 649 and the character: res
the size: 821the id: 687 and the character: ti
the size: 822the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 823the id: 706 and the character: se
the size: 824the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 825the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 826the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 827the id: 687 and the character: ti
the size: 828the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 829the id: 406 and the character: s o
the size: 830the id: 555 and the character: n t
the size: 831the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 832the id: 484 and the character: way
the size: 833the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 834the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 835the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 836the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 837the id: 334 and the character: ch
the size: 838the id: 535 and the character:  l
the size: 839the id: 503 and the character: and
the size: 840the id: 309 and the character: ing
the size: 841the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 842the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 843the id: 382 and the character: pp
the size: 844the id: 530 and the character: os
the size: 845the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 846the id: 369 and the character: e t
the size: 847the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 848the id: 675 and the character: lif
the size: 849the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 850the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 851the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 852the id: 481 and the character: ha
the size: 853the id: 676 and the character: ft
the size: 854the id: 422 and the character: , t
the size: 855the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 856the id: 529 and the character: po
the size: 857the id: 531 and the character: ste
the size: 858the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 859the id: 618 and the character: wit
the size: 860the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 861the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 862the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 863the id: 579 and the character: orm
the size: 864the id: 581 and the character: ous
the size: 865the id: 600 and the character:  fa
the size: 866the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 867the id: 398 and the character:  g
the size: 868the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 869the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 870the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 871the id: 460 and the character: fr
the size: 872the id: 643 and the character: om
the size: 873the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 874the id: 563 and the character: wal
the size: 875the id: 565 and the character: l.
the size: 876the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 877the id: 665 and the character: It w
the size: 878the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 879the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 880the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 881the id: 739 and the character: of th
the size: 882the id: 798 and the character: ose
the size: 883the id: 438 and the character:  p
the size: 884the id: 411 and the character: ict
the size: 885the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 886the id: 689 and the character: es 
the size: 887the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 888the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 889the id: 838 and the character: ch 
the size: 890the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 891the id: 304 and the character: e s
the size: 892the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 893the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 894the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 895the id: 745 and the character: riv
the size: 896the id: 559 and the character: ed t
the size: 897the id: 481 and the character: ha
the size: 898the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 899the id: 862 and the character: the e
the size: 900the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 901the id: 689 and the character: es 
the size: 902the id: 359 and the character: fo
the size: 903the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 904the id: 817 and the character: ow
the size: 905the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 906the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 907the id: 393 and the character: ou
the size: 908the id: 804 and the character:  ab
the size: 909the id: 608 and the character: out
the size: 910the id: 258 and the character:  w
the size: 911the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 912the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 913the id: 907 and the character: yo
the size: 914the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 915the id: 628 and the character:  mo
the size: 916the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 917the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 918the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 919the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 920the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 921the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 922the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 923the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 924the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 925the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 926the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 927the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 928the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 929the id: 877 and the character:  I
the size: 930the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 931the id: 320 and the character:  W
the size: 932the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 933the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 934the id: 67 and the character: C
the size: 935the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 936the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 937the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 938the id: 921 and the character: G 
the size: 939the id: 89 and the character: Y
the size: 940the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 941the id: 85 and the character: U
the size: 942the id: 855 and the character: , th
the size: 943the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 944the id: 366 and the character: ca
the size: 945the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 946the id: 752 and the character: tio
the size: 947the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 948the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 949the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 950the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 951the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 952the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 953the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 954the id: 318 and the character: n.
the size: 955the id: 477 and the character: 


the size: 956the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 957the id: 417 and the character: ns
the size: 958the id: 595 and the character: id
the size: 959the id: 847 and the character: e th
the size: 960the id: 764 and the character: e f
the size: 961the id: 766 and the character: lat
the size: 962the id: 523 and the character:  a 
the size: 963the id: 460 and the character: fr
the size: 964the id: 386 and the character: ui
the size: 965the id: 454 and the character: ty
the size: 966the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 967the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 968the id: 493 and the character: oi
the size: 969the id: 867 and the character: ce 
the size: 970the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 971the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 972the id: 551 and the character: ad
the size: 973the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 974the id: 910 and the character: out 
the size: 975the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 976the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 977the id: 685 and the character: st o
the size: 978the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 979the id: 614 and the character: fi
the size: 980the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 981the id: 886 and the character: ure
the size: 982the id: 300 and the character: s w
the size: 983the id: 889 and the character: hic
the size: 984the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 985the id: 792 and the character: had
the size: 986the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 987the id: 643 and the character: om
the size: 988the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 989the id: 312 and the character: thi
the size: 990the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 991the id: 560 and the character: to 
the size: 992the id: 403 and the character: do
the size: 993the id: 471 and the character:  wit
the size: 994the id: 861 and the character: h t
the size: 995the id: 856 and the character: he p
the size: 996the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 997the id: 456 and the character: du
the size: 998the id: 711 and the character: ct
the size: 999the id: 419 and the character: io
the size: 1000the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 1001the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 1002the id: 570 and the character: pi
the size: 1003the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1004the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1005the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 1006the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 1007the id: 762 and the character: . T
the size: 1008the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 1009the id: 968 and the character: vo
the size: 1010the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 1011the id: 944 and the character: e c
the size: 1012the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 1013the id: 644 and the character: me 
the size: 1014the id: 872 and the character: fro
the size: 1015the id: 462 and the character: m 
the size: 1016the id: 605 and the character: an o
the size: 1017the id: 625 and the character: bl
the size: 1018the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 1019the id: 310 and the character: g 
the size: 1020the id: 592 and the character: met
the size: 1021the id: 468 and the character: al
the size: 1022the id: 438 and the character:  p
the size: 1023the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 1024the id: 385 and the character: qu
the size: 1025the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1026the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 1027the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1028the id: 502 and the character: e a
the size: 1029the id: 723 and the character:  du
the size: 1030the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 1031the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 1032the id: 327 and the character: mi
the size: 1033the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1034the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 1035the id: 859 and the character: r w
the size: 1036the id: 984 and the character: hich
the size: 1037the id: 657 and the character:  for
the size: 1038the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 1039the id: 528 and the character: d p
the size: 1040the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 1041the id: 721 and the character: t of
the size: 1042the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 1043the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1044the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 1045the id: 583 and the character: fa
the size: 1046the id: 867 and the character: ce 
the size: 1047the id: 739 and the character: of th
the size: 1048the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1049the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 1050the id: 729 and the character: ght
the size: 1051the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1052the id: 640 and the character: han
the size: 1053the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1054the id: 875 and the character: wall
the size: 1055the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 1056the id: 778 and the character: Win
the size: 1057the id: 323 and the character: sto
the size: 1058the id: 555 and the character: n t
the size: 1059the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 1060the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 1061the id: 793 and the character: d a
the size: 1062the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 1063the id: 618 and the character: wit
the size: 1064the id: 890 and the character: ch a
the size: 1065the id: 633 and the character: nd 
the size: 1066the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1067the id: 1010 and the character: voi
the size: 1068the id: 867 and the character: ce 
the size: 1069the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1070the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 1071the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1072the id: 987 and the character:  so
the size: 1073the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 1074the id: 888 and the character: wh
the size: 1075the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 1076the id: 855 and the character: , th
the size: 1077the id: 424 and the character: oug
the size: 1078the id: 995 and the character: h th
the size: 1079the id: 562 and the character: e w
the size: 1080the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 1081the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1082the id: 300 and the character: s w
the size: 1083the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 1084the id: 304 and the character: e s
the size: 1085the id: 687 and the character: ti
the size: 1086the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 1087the id: 545 and the character:  di
the size: 1088the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 1089the id: 309 and the character: ing
the size: 1090the id: 386 and the character: ui
the size: 1091the id: 852 and the character: sh
the size: 1092the id: 497 and the character: ab
the size: 1093the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 1094the id: 1008 and the character: . Th
the size: 1095the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1096the id: 652 and the character: inst
the size: 1097the id: 635 and the character: ru
the size: 1098the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 1099the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 1100the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1101the id: 40 and the character: (
the size: 1102the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1103the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 1104the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 1105the id: 365 and the character: sc
the size: 1106the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 1107the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 1108the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 1109the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 1110the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 1111the id: 366 and the character: ca
the size: 1112the id: 1031 and the character: lle
the size: 1113the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1114the id: 41 and the character: )
the size: 1115the id: 524 and the character:  co
the size: 1116the id: 800 and the character: ul
the size: 1117the id: 552 and the character: d b
the size: 1118the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1119the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1120the id: 474 and the character: im
the size: 1121the id: 1039 and the character: med
the size: 1122the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 1123the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1124the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1125the id: 899 and the character: t t
the size: 1126the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 1127the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 1128the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 1129the id: 668 and the character: no 
the size: 1130the id: 484 and the character: way
the size: 1131the id: 602 and the character:  of
the size: 1132the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 1133the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 1134the id: 1125 and the character: ut
the size: 1135the id: 822 and the character: tin
the size: 1136the id: 310 and the character: g 
the size: 1137the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 1138the id: 407 and the character: of
the size: 1139the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 1140the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 1141the id: 574 and the character: mp
the size: 1142the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 1143the id: 1104 and the character: tel
the size: 1144the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 1145the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 1146the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 1147the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1148the id: 580 and the character: mo
the size: 1149the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 1150the id: 504 and the character: d o
the size: 1151the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 1152the id: 437 and the character:  to 
the size: 1153the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1154the id: 446 and the character: wi
the size: 1155the id: 542 and the character: ndo
the size: 1156the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 1157the id: 598 and the character: : 
the size: 1158the id: 444 and the character: a s
the size: 1159the id: 510 and the character: ma
the size: 1160the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 1161the id: 332 and the character: is
the size: 1162the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 1163the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 1164the id: 460 and the character: fr
the size: 1165the id: 662 and the character: ai
the size: 1166the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 1167the id: 980 and the character: fig
the size: 1168the id: 886 and the character: ure
the size: 1169the id: 943 and the character: , the
the size: 1170the id: 509 and the character:  m
the size: 1171the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 1172the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1173the id: 716 and the character: ren
the size: 1174the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 1175the id: 406 and the character: s o
the size: 1176the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 1177the id: 807 and the character: his 
the size: 1178the id: 492 and the character: bo
the size: 1179the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1180the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 1181the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 1182the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 1183the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 1184the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1185the id: 574 and the character: mp
the size: 1186the id: 481 and the character: ha
the size: 1187the id: 418 and the character: si
the size: 1188the id: 870 and the character: ze
the size: 1189the id: 552 and the character: d b
the size: 1190the id: 390 and the character: y t
the size: 1191the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 1192the id: 625 and the character: bl
the size: 1193the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1194the id: 881 and the character: e o
the size: 1195the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 1196the id: 482 and the character: all
the size: 1197the id: 983 and the character: s wh
the size: 1198the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 1199the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 1200the id: 301 and the character: we
the size: 1201the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 1202the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1203the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1204the id: 788 and the character: ni
the size: 1205the id: 610 and the character: for
the size: 1206the id: 462 and the character: m 
the size: 1207the id: 1048 and the character: of the
the size: 1208the id: 438 and the character:  p
the size: 1209the id: 1041 and the character: art
the size: 1210the id: 1145 and the character: y.
the size: 1211the id: 755 and the character:  H
the size: 1212the id: 332 and the character: is
the size: 1213the id: 347 and the character:  h
the size: 1214the id: 662 and the character: ai
the size: 1215the id: 859 and the character: r w
the size: 1216the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 1217the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 1218the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 1219the id: 583 and the character: fa
the size: 1220the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 1221the id: 330 and the character: , h
the size: 1222the id: 1213 and the character: is 
the size: 1223the id: 1046 and the character: fac
the size: 1224the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1225the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1226the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 1227the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 1228the id: 482 and the character: all
the size: 1229the id: 485 and the character: y s
the size: 1230the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 1231the id: 981 and the character: gu
the size: 1232the id: 789 and the character: ine
the size: 1233the id: 1222 and the character: , hi
the size: 1234the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 1235the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1236the id: 699 and the character: kin
the size: 1237the id: 634 and the character:  r
the size: 1238the id: 1078 and the character: ough
the size: 1239the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 1240the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 1241the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1242the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 1243the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 1244the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 1245the id: 706 and the character: se
the size: 1246the id: 987 and the character:  so
the size: 1247the id: 367 and the character: ap
the size: 1248the id: 288 and the character:  an
the size: 1249the id: 552 and the character: d b
the size: 1250the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1251the id: 1204 and the character: un
the size: 1252the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 1253the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 1254the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 1255the id: 540 and the character: or 
the size: 1256the id: 625 and the character: bl
the size: 1257the id: 551 and the character: ad
the size: 1258the id: 689 and the character: es 
the size: 1259the id: 702 and the character: and 
the size: 1260the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1261the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 1262the id: 273 and the character: ld
the size: 1263the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 1264the id: 1154 and the character: the w
the size: 1265the id: 344 and the character: int
the size: 1266the id: 803 and the character: er 
the size: 1267the id: 291 and the character: th
the size: 1268the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 1269the id: 986 and the character: had 
the size: 1270the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 1271the id: 457 and the character: us
the size: 1272the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 1273the id: 519 and the character: end
the size: 1274the id: 342 and the character: ed
the size: 1275the id: 476 and the character: .

the size: 1276the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 1277the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 1278the id: 1125 and the character: ut
the size: 1279the id: 418 and the character: si
the size: 1280the id: 596 and the character: de
the size: 1281the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 1282the id: 440 and the character: ev
the size: 1283the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 1284the id: 396 and the character:  th
the size: 1285the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 1286the id: 435 and the character: ugh
the size: 1287the id: 1043 and the character:  the s
the size: 1288the id: 1134 and the character: hu
the size: 1289the id: 691 and the character: t w
the size: 1290the id: 376 and the character: ind
the size: 1291the id: 817 and the character: ow
the size: 1292the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1293the id: 736 and the character: pa
the size: 1294the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 1295the id: 1170 and the character: , the 
the size: 1296the id: 697 and the character: wo
the size: 1297the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1298the id: 1263 and the character: ld 
the size: 1299the id: 296 and the character: lo
the size: 1300the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1301the id: 1028 and the character: ke
the size: 1302the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1303the id: 1262 and the character: col
the size: 1304the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1305the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 1306the id: 68 and the character: D
the size: 1307the id: 817 and the character: ow
the size: 1308the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 1309the id: 354 and the character: in 
the size: 1310the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1311the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 1312the id: 1107 and the character: ree
the size: 1313the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 1314the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 1315the id: 453 and the character: tt
the size: 1316the id: 374 and the character: le 
the size: 1317the id: 342 and the character: ed
the size: 1318the id: 1120 and the character: di
the size: 1319the id: 689 and the character: es 
the size: 1320the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 1321the id: 1155 and the character: win
the size: 1322the id: 1054 and the character: d w
the size: 1323the id: 1084 and the character: ere
the size: 1324the id: 911 and the character:  wh
the size: 1325the id: 447 and the character: irl
the size: 1326the id: 725 and the character: ing d
the size: 1327the id: 1272 and the character: ust
the size: 1328the id: 1249 and the character:  and
the size: 1329the id: 362 and the character:  to
the size: 1330the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1331the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 1332the id: 736 and the character: pa
the size: 1333the id: 368 and the character: pe
the size: 1334the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 1335the id: 344 and the character: int
the size: 1336the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 1337the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1338the id: 570 and the character: pi
the size: 1339the id: 826 and the character: ral
the size: 1340the id: 421 and the character: s,
the size: 1341the id: 1329 and the character:  and 
the size: 1342the id: 423 and the character: tho
the size: 1343the id: 1287 and the character: ugh 
the size: 1344the id: 1311 and the character: the s
the size: 1345the id: 1204 and the character: un
the size: 1346the id: 783 and the character:  wa
the size: 1347the id: 1235 and the character: s s
the size: 1348the id: 335 and the character: hin
the size: 1349the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 1350the id: 1260 and the character: and t
the size: 1351the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 1352the id: 1236 and the character: sk
the size: 1353the id: 576 and the character: y a
the size: 1354the id: 1214 and the character:  ha
the size: 1355the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1356the id: 852 and the character: sh
the size: 1357the id: 264 and the character:  b
the size: 1358the id: 1251 and the character: lu
the size: 1359the id: 813 and the character: e, 
the size: 1360the id: 370 and the character: the
the size: 1361the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 1362the id: 706 and the character: se
the size: 1363the id: 1185 and the character: em
the size: 1364the id: 559 and the character: ed t
the size: 1365the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 1366the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 1367the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1368the id: 668 and the character: no 
the size: 1369the id: 1262 and the character: col
the size: 1370the id: 526 and the character: our
the size: 1371the id: 747 and the character:  in 
the size: 1372the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 1373the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 1374the id: 990 and the character: thin
the size: 1375the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1376the id: 1282 and the character: , e
the size: 1377the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 1378the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 1379the id: 946 and the character: pt
the size: 1380the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 1381the id: 857 and the character: pos
the size: 1382the id: 464 and the character: ter
the size: 1383the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 1384the id: 1268 and the character: tha
the size: 1385the id: 691 and the character: t w
the size: 1386the id: 1324 and the character: ere 
the size: 1387the id: 547 and the character: pl
the size: 1388the id: 352 and the character: ast
the size: 1389the id: 1084 and the character: ere
the size: 1390the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1391the id: 1283 and the character: eve
the size: 1392the id: 413 and the character: ry
the size: 1393the id: 888 and the character: wh
the size: 1394the id: 1084 and the character: ere
the size: 1395the id: 1095 and the character: . The
the size: 1396the id: 1358 and the character:  bl
the size: 1397the id: 557 and the character: ac
the size: 1398the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1399the id: 580 and the character: mo
the size: 1400the id: 1272 and the character: ust
the size: 1401the id: 557 and the character: ac
the size: 1402the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 1403the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1404the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 1405the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1406the id: 1224 and the character: face
the size: 1407the id: 868 and the character:  ga
the size: 1408the id: 1189 and the character: zed
the size: 1409the id: 275 and the character:  d
the size: 1410the id: 1308 and the character: own
the size: 1411the id: 459 and the character:  f
the size: 1412the id: 461 and the character: rom
the size: 1413the id: 356 and the character:  e
the size: 1414the id: 1218 and the character: very
the size: 1415the id: 524 and the character:  co
the size: 1416the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1417the id: 510 and the character: ma
the size: 1418the id: 289 and the character: nd
the size: 1419the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 1420the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 1421the id: 1331 and the character: rn
the size: 1422the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 1423the id: 1095 and the character: . The
the size: 1424the id: 1128 and the character: re w
the size: 1425the id: 879 and the character: as o
the size: 1426the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 1427the id: 449 and the character:  o
the size: 1428the id: 831 and the character: n th
the size: 1429the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1430the id: 731 and the character: ho
the size: 1431the id: 670 and the character: use
the size: 1432the id: 613 and the character: -f
the size: 1433the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 1434the id: 1100 and the character: nt 
the size: 1435the id: 1121 and the character: imm
the size: 1436the id: 342 and the character: ed
the size: 1437the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1438the id: 757 and the character: ate
the size: 1439the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 1440the id: 843 and the character: op
the size: 1441the id: 857 and the character: pos
the size: 1442the id: 846 and the character: ite
the size: 1443the id: 918 and the character: . B
the size: 1444the id: 920 and the character: IG
the size: 1445the id: 922 and the character:  B
the size: 1446the id: 924 and the character: RO
the size: 1447the id: 926 and the character: TH
the size: 1448the id: 928 and the character: ER
the size: 1449the id: 930 and the character:  IS
the size: 1450the id: 932 and the character:  WA
the size: 1451the id: 934 and the character: TC
the size: 1452the id: 936 and the character: HI
the size: 1453the id: 938 and the character: NG
the size: 1454the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1455the id: 940 and the character: YO
the size: 1456the id: 942 and the character: U,
the size: 1457the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 1458the id: 945 and the character: cap
the size: 1459the id: 947 and the character: tion
the size: 1460the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 1461the id: 662 and the character: ai
the size: 1462the id: 377 and the character: d,
the size: 1463the id: 1325 and the character:  whi
the size: 1464the id: 374 and the character: le 
the size: 1465the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1466the id: 276 and the character: da
the size: 1467the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1468the id: 1072 and the character: k 
the size: 1469the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1470the id: 901 and the character: ye
the size: 1471the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 1472the id: 1300 and the character: loo
the size: 1473the id: 1302 and the character: ked
the size: 1474the id: 568 and the character:  de
the size: 1475the id: 569 and the character: ep
the size: 1476the id: 541 and the character:  in
the size: 1477the id: 560 and the character: to 
the size: 1478the id: 1057 and the character: Wins
the size: 1479the id: 653 and the character: ton
the size: 1480the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 1481the id: 406 and the character: s o
the size: 1482the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 1483the id: 318 and the character: n.
the size: 1484the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1485the id: 1307 and the character: Do
the size: 1486the id: 1483 and the character: wn
the size: 1487the id: 703 and the character:  at
the size: 1488the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 1489the id: 593 and the character: tre
the size: 1490the id: 989 and the character: et
the size: 1491the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 1492the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 1493the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 1494the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 1495the id: 427 and the character: ot
the size: 1496the id: 1127 and the character: her
the size: 1497the id: 438 and the character:  p
the size: 1498the id: 530 and the character: os
the size: 1499the id: 464 and the character: ter
the size: 1500the id: 533 and the character: , to
the size: 1501the id: 1331 and the character: rn
the size: 1502the id: 1488 and the character:  at 
the size: 1503the id: 880 and the character: one
the size: 1504the id: 524 and the character:  co
the size: 1505the id: 1422 and the character: rne
the size: 1506the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1507the id: 1164 and the character: , f
the size: 1508the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 1509the id: 382 and the character: pp
the size: 1510the id: 871 and the character: ed f
the size: 1511the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 1512the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1513the id: 800 and the character: ul
the size: 1514the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 1515the id: 1310 and the character: in t
the size: 1516the id: 832 and the character: he w
the size: 1517the id: 376 and the character: ind
the size: 1518the id: 701 and the character: , a
the size: 1519the id: 489 and the character: lt
the size: 1520the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 1521the id: 1226 and the character: na
the size: 1522the id: 1144 and the character: tely
the size: 1523the id: 524 and the character:  co
the size: 1524the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 1525the id: 1350 and the character: ing a
the size: 1526the id: 633 and the character: nd 
the size: 1527the id: 1204 and the character: un
the size: 1528the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 1529the id: 1525 and the character: veri
the size: 1530the id: 991 and the character: ng t
the size: 1531the id: 1352 and the character: he s
the size: 1532the id: 309 and the character: ing
the size: 1533the id: 374 and the character: le 
the size: 1534the id: 1297 and the character: wor
the size: 1535the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1536the id: 937 and the character: IN
the size: 1537the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 1538the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 1539the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 1540the id: 67 and the character: C
the size: 1541the id: 566 and the character: . I
the size: 1542the id: 1429 and the character: n the
the size: 1543the id: 600 and the character:  fa
the size: 1544the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 1545the id: 1120 and the character: di
the size: 1546the id: 661 and the character: sta
the size: 1547the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1548the id: 867 and the character: ce 
the size: 1549the id: 620 and the character: a h
the size: 1550the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 1551the id: 797 and the character: ico
the size: 1552the id: 946 and the character: pt
the size: 1553the id: 803 and the character: er 
the size: 1554the id: 1236 and the character: sk
the size: 1555the id: 1436 and the character: imme
the size: 1556the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1557the id: 403 and the character: do
the size: 1558the id: 1487 and the character: wn 
the size: 1559the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 1560the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 1561the id: 301 and the character: we
the size: 1562the id: 1284 and the character: en 
the size: 1563the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1564the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 1565the id: 407 and the character: of
the size: 1566the id: 1341 and the character: s, 
the size: 1567the id: 731 and the character: ho
the size: 1568the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 1569the id: 871 and the character: ed f
the size: 1570the id: 540 and the character: or 
the size: 1571the id: 577 and the character: an 
the size: 1572the id: 652 and the character: inst
the size: 1573the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 1574the id: 1314 and the character: t l
the size: 1575the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1576the id: 1028 and the character: ke
the size: 1577the id: 523 and the character:  a 
the size: 1578the id: 1193 and the character: blu
the size: 1579the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1580the id: 492 and the character: bo
the size: 1581the id: 1316 and the character: ttl
the size: 1582the id: 813 and the character: e, 
the size: 1583the id: 702 and the character: and 
the size: 1584the id: 1467 and the character: dar
the size: 1585the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 1586the id: 793 and the character: d a
the size: 1587the id: 1131 and the character: way 
the size: 1588the id: 500 and the character: ag
the size: 1589the id: 662 and the character: ai
the size: 1590the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 1591the id: 860 and the character: with
the size: 1592the id: 523 and the character:  a 
the size: 1593the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 1594the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 1595the id: 372 and the character: vi
the size: 1596the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 1597the id: 765 and the character: fl
the size: 1598the id: 809 and the character: igh
the size: 1599the id: 677 and the character: t.
the size: 1600the id: 877 and the character:  I
the size: 1601the id: 767 and the character: t was 
the size: 1602the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1603the id: 529 and the character: po
the size: 1604the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 1605the id: 867 and the character: ce 
the size: 1606the id: 736 and the character: pa
the size: 1607the id: 306 and the character: tr
the size: 1608the id: 272 and the character: ol
the size: 1609the id: 378 and the character: , s
the size: 1610the id: 426 and the character: no
the size: 1611the id: 843 and the character: op
the size: 1612the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 1613the id: 1336 and the character: into
the size: 1614the id: 438 and the character:  p
the size: 1615the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1616the id: 843 and the character: op
the size: 1617the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 1618the id: 1481 and the character: 's
the size: 1619the id: 375 and the character:  wi
the size: 1620the id: 1156 and the character: ndow
the size: 1621the id: 650 and the character: s. 
the size: 1622the id: 763 and the character: The
the size: 1623the id: 1209 and the character:  pa
the size: 1624the id: 1608 and the character: tro
the size: 1625the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1626the id: 402 and the character: s d
the size: 1627the id: 595 and the character: id
the size: 1628the id: 1368 and the character:  n
the size: 1629the id: 427 and the character: ot
the size: 1630the id: 509 and the character:  m
the size: 1631the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 1632the id: 1500 and the character: ter,
the size: 1633the id: 347 and the character:  h
the size: 1634the id: 817 and the character: ow
the size: 1635the id: 1392 and the character: ever
the size: 1636the id: 834 and the character: . O
the size: 1637the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1638the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 1639the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1640the id: 479 and the character: Th
the size: 1641the id: 1078 and the character: ough
the size: 1642the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 1643the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 1644the id: 272 and the character: ol
the size: 1645the id: 1011 and the character: ice
the size: 1646the id: 1631 and the character:  ma
the size: 1647the id: 453 and the character: tt
the size: 1648the id: 1390 and the character: ered
the size: 1649the id: 1276 and the character: .


the size: 1650the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 1651the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1652the id: 335 and the character: hin
the size: 1653the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1654the id: 1479 and the character: Winst
the size: 1655the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 1656the id: 1619 and the character: 's 
the size: 1657the id: 499 and the character: ba
the size: 1658the id: 627 and the character: ck 
the size: 1659the id: 1067 and the character: the v
the size: 1660the id: 969 and the character: oic
the size: 1661the id: 764 and the character: e f
the size: 1662the id: 1413 and the character: rom 
the size: 1663the id: 1103 and the character: the t
the size: 1664the id: 709 and the character: ele
the size: 1665the id: 1106 and the character: scr
the size: 1666the id: 554 and the character: een
the size: 1667the id: 1347 and the character:  was
the size: 1668the id: 1489 and the character:  st
the size: 1669the id: 373 and the character: il
the size: 1670the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 1671the id: 499 and the character: ba
the size: 1672the id: 498 and the character: bb
the size: 1673the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 1674the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 1675the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 1676the id: 1588 and the character: way a
the size: 1677the id: 492 and the character: bo
the size: 1678the id: 1125 and the character: ut
the size: 1679the id: 884 and the character:  pi
the size: 1680the id: 1004 and the character: g-
the size: 1681the id: 1006 and the character: iro
the size: 1682the id: 681 and the character: n a
the size: 1683the id: 1066 and the character: nd t
the size: 1684the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 1685the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1686the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 1687the id: 1513 and the character: fu
the size: 1688the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1689the id: 614 and the character: fi
the size: 1690the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1691the id: 1099 and the character: men
the size: 1692the id: 1042 and the character: t of 
the size: 1693the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1694the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 1695the id: 344 and the character: int
the size: 1696the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 1697the id: 479 and the character: Th
the size: 1698the id: 1107 and the character: ree
the size: 1699the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1700the id: 89 and the character: Y
the size: 1701the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 1702the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 1703the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 1704the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 1705the id: 1484 and the character: n. 
the size: 1706the id: 1623 and the character: The 
the size: 1707the id: 1104 and the character: tel
the size: 1708the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 1709the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 1710the id: 1107 and the character: ree
the size: 1711the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 1712the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 1713the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 1714the id: 615 and the character: iv
the size: 1715the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 1716the id: 1260 and the character: and t
the size: 1717the id: 954 and the character: ran
the size: 1718the id: 486 and the character: sm
the size: 1719the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 1720the id: 1586 and the character: ted
the size: 1721the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 1722the id: 474 and the character: im
the size: 1723the id: 800 and the character: ul
the size: 1724the id: 556 and the character: ta
the size: 1725the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 1726the id: 581 and the character: ous
the size: 1727the id: 389 and the character: ly
the size: 1728the id: 514 and the character: . A
the size: 1729the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1730the id: 485 and the character: y s
the size: 1731the id: 393 and the character: ou
the size: 1732the id: 1684 and the character: nd th
the size: 1733the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 1734the id: 1655 and the character: Winsto
the size: 1735the id: 654 and the character: n m
the size: 1736the id: 1258 and the character: ade
the size: 1737the id: 701 and the character: , a
the size: 1738the id: 805 and the character: bov
the size: 1739the id: 960 and the character: e the
the size: 1740the id: 535 and the character:  l
the size: 1741the id: 1283 and the character: eve
the size: 1742the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 1743the id: 606 and the character: of a
the size: 1744the id: 967 and the character:  v
the size: 1745the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 1746the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 1747the id: 296 and the character: lo
the size: 1748the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 1749the id: 1325 and the character:  whi
the size: 1750the id: 1338 and the character: sp
the size: 1751the id: 532 and the character: er,
the size: 1752the id: 258 and the character:  w
the size: 1753the id: 393 and the character: ou
the size: 1754the id: 1263 and the character: ld 
the size: 1755the id: 1367 and the character: be 
the size: 1756the id: 570 and the character: pi
the size: 1757the id: 558 and the character: cke
the size: 1758the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1759the id: 774 and the character: up
the size: 1760the id: 264 and the character:  b
the size: 1761the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 1762the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 1763the id: 586 and the character: , m
the size: 1764the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 1765the id: 1616 and the character: eo
the size: 1766the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 1767the id: 378 and the character: , s
the size: 1768the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 1769the id: 469 and the character: lon
the size: 1770the id: 467 and the character: g a
the size: 1771the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 1772the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 1773the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 1774the id: 510 and the character: ma
the size: 1775the id: 789 and the character: ine
the size: 1776the id: 1054 and the character: d w
the size: 1777the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 1778the id: 335 and the character: hin
the size: 1779the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 1780the id: 614 and the character: fi
the size: 1781the id: 694 and the character: eld
the size: 1782the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 1783the id: 372 and the character: vi
the size: 1784the id: 418 and the character: si
the size: 1785the id: 753 and the character: on 
the size: 1786the id: 888 and the character: wh
the size: 1787the id: 1199 and the character: ich
the size: 1788the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 1789the id: 1021 and the character: meta
the size: 1790the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 1791the id: 1388 and the character: pla
the size: 1792the id: 1025 and the character: que
the size: 1793the id: 1416 and the character:  com
the size: 1794the id: 1418 and the character: man
the size: 1795the id: 596 and the character: de
the size: 1796the id: 1463 and the character: d, 
the size: 1797the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 1798the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 1799the id: 1117 and the character: uld
the size: 1800the id: 264 and the character:  b
the size: 1801the id: 304 and the character: e s
the size: 1802the id: 1667 and the character: een 
the size: 1803the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 1804the id: 301 and the character: we
the size: 1805the id: 1087 and the character: ll 
the size: 1806the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 1807the id: 621 and the character: hea
the size: 1808the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1809the id: 1305 and the character: d.
the size: 1810the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1811the id: 763 and the character: The
the size: 1812the id: 1425 and the character: re wa
the size: 1813the id: 1176 and the character: s of
the size: 1814the id: 1116 and the character:  cou
the size: 1815the id: 1356 and the character: rs
the size: 1816the id: 1225 and the character: e n
the size: 1817the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 1818the id: 1131 and the character: way 
the size: 1819the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 1820the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1821the id: 426 and the character: no
the size: 1822the id: 1155 and the character: win
the size: 1823the id: 310 and the character: g 
the size: 1824the id: 1394 and the character: whe
the size: 1825the id: 1361 and the character: ther
the size: 1826the id: 906 and the character:  y
the size: 1827the id: 908 and the character: ou 
the size: 1828the id: 1201 and the character: wer
the size: 1829the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 1830the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 1831the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 1832the id: 259 and the character: wa
the size: 1833the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 1834the id: 631 and the character: che
the size: 1835the id: 793 and the character: d a
the size: 1836the id: 443 and the character: t a
the size: 1837the id: 1730 and the character: ny
the size: 1838the id: 398 and the character:  g
the size: 1839the id: 1715 and the character: ive
the size: 1840the id: 654 and the character: n m
the size: 1841the id: 988 and the character: ome
the size: 1842the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 1843the id: 1146 and the character: . H
the size: 1844the id: 905 and the character: ow 
the size: 1845the id: 407 and the character: of
the size: 1846the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 1847the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1848the id: 842 and the character: , o
the size: 1849the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 1850the id: 1786 and the character: on w
the size: 1851the id: 898 and the character: hat
the size: 1852the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 1853the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 1854the id: 531 and the character: ste
the size: 1855the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1856the id: 1170 and the character: , the 
the size: 1857the id: 1641 and the character: Tho
the size: 1858the id: 435 and the character: ugh
the size: 1859the id: 1643 and the character: t P
the size: 1860the id: 1645 and the character: oli
the size: 1861the id: 1606 and the character: ce p
the size: 1862the id: 1251 and the character: lu
the size: 1863the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1864the id: 637 and the character: ged
the size: 1865the id: 747 and the character:  in 
the size: 1866the id: 753 and the character: on 
the size: 1867the id: 1373 and the character: any
the size: 1868the id: 541 and the character:  in
the size: 1869the id: 1120 and the character: di
the size: 1870the id: 372 and the character: vi
the size: 1871the id: 456 and the character: du
the size: 1872the id: 1022 and the character: al 
the size: 1873the id: 446 and the character: wi
the size: 1874the id: 1813 and the character: re was
the size: 1875the id: 398 and the character:  g
the size: 1876the id: 1194 and the character: ue
the size: 1877the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1878the id: 445 and the character: sw
the size: 1879the id: 698 and the character: ork
the size: 1880the id: 566 and the character: . I
the size: 1881the id: 767 and the character: t was 
the size: 1882the id: 1283 and the character: eve
the size: 1883the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 1884the id: 894 and the character: con
the size: 1885the id: 1714 and the character: cei
the size: 1886the id: 795 and the character: va
the size: 1887the id: 625 and the character: bl
the size: 1888the id: 847 and the character: e th
the size: 1889the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 1890the id: 370 and the character: the
the size: 1891the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 1892the id: 1833 and the character: wat
the size: 1893the id: 1835 and the character: ched
the size: 1894the id: 1414 and the character:  ev
the size: 1895the id: 1746 and the character: ery
the size: 1896the id: 1179 and the character: bod
the size: 1897the id: 576 and the character: y a
the size: 1898the id: 1087 and the character: ll 
the size: 1899the id: 1103 and the character: the t
the size: 1900the id: 688 and the character: ime
the size: 1901the id: 918 and the character: . B
the size: 1902the id: 1679 and the character: ut 
the size: 1903the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 1904the id: 1868 and the character: any 
the size: 1905the id: 751 and the character: rat
the size: 1906the id: 960 and the character: e the
the size: 1907the id: 1243 and the character: y c
the size: 1908the id: 1754 and the character: oul
the size: 1909the id: 528 and the character: d p
the size: 1910the id: 1863 and the character: lug
the size: 1911the id: 747 and the character:  in 
the size: 1912the id: 914 and the character: you
the size: 1913the id: 859 and the character: r w
the size: 1914the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 1915the id: 562 and the character: e w
the size: 1916the id: 912 and the character: hen
the size: 1917the id: 1392 and the character: ever
the size: 1918the id: 561 and the character:  the
the size: 1919the id: 1892 and the character: y w
the size: 1920the id: 1574 and the character: ant
the size: 1921the id: 1365 and the character: ed to
the size: 1922the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 1923the id: 89 and the character: Y
the size: 1924the id: 908 and the character: ou 
the size: 1925the id: 986 and the character: had 
the size: 1926the id: 560 and the character: to 
the size: 1927the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 1928the id: 746 and the character: ve 
the size: 1929the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1930the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1931the id: 545 and the character:  di
the size: 1932the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1933the id: 1928 and the character: liv
the size: 1934the id: 813 and the character: e, 
the size: 1935the id: 1015 and the character: from
the size: 1936the id: 1214 and the character:  ha
the size: 1937the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1938the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 1939the id: 1385 and the character: that
the size: 1940the id: 1801 and the character:  be
the size: 1941the id: 366 and the character: ca
the size: 1942the id: 644 and the character: me 
the size: 1943the id: 652 and the character: inst
the size: 1944the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 1945the id: 711 and the character: ct
the size: 1946the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1947the id: 1930 and the character: --
the size: 1948the id: 747 and the character:  in 
the size: 1949the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 1950the id: 401 and the character: ass
the size: 1951the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1952the id: 574 and the character: mp
the size: 1953the id: 1460 and the character: tion 
the size: 1954the id: 1940 and the character: that 
the size: 1955the id: 1392 and the character: ever
the size: 1956the id: 1731 and the character: y so
the size: 1957the id: 1204 and the character: un
the size: 1958the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 1959the id: 914 and the character: you
the size: 1960the id: 1631 and the character:  ma
the size: 1961the id: 656 and the character: de 
the size: 1962the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 1963the id: 1686 and the character: ov
the size: 1964the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 1965the id: 1808 and the character: hear
the size: 1966the id: 1463 and the character: d, 
the size: 1967the id: 503 and the character: and
the size: 1968the id: 1377 and the character: , ex
the size: 1969the id: 1379 and the character: cep
the size: 1970the id: 353 and the character: t i
the size: 1971the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 1972the id: 1467 and the character: dar
the size: 1973the id: 1821 and the character: kn
the size: 1974the id: 1175 and the character: ess
the size: 1975the id: 1282 and the character: , e
the size: 1976the id: 1415 and the character: very 
the size: 1977the id: 1149 and the character: mov
the size: 1978the id: 1364 and the character: eme
the size: 1979the id: 1100 and the character: nt 
the size: 1980the id: 1106 and the character: scr
the size: 1981the id: 1125 and the character: ut
the size: 1982the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 1983the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1984the id: 1189 and the character: zed
the size: 1985the id: 1276 and the character: .


the size: 1986the id: 1735 and the character: Winston
the size: 1987the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1988the id: 1028 and the character: ke
the size: 1989the id: 1380 and the character: pt 
the size: 1990the id: 1178 and the character: his b
the size: 1991the id: 1398 and the character: ack
the size: 1992the id: 311 and the character:  t
the size: 1993the id: 1060 and the character: urn
the size: 1994the id: 1365 and the character: ed to
the size: 1995the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 1996the id: 1708 and the character: tele
the size: 1997the id: 1666 and the character: scre
the size: 1998the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 1999the id: 1881 and the character: . It
the size: 2000the id: 1668 and the character:  was 
the size: 2001the id: 1070 and the character: sa
the size: 2002the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 2003the id: 1752 and the character: er, 
the size: 2004the id: 1343 and the character: thou
the size: 2005the id: 268 and the character: gh
the size: 2006the id: 701 and the character: , a
the size: 2007the id: 1772 and the character: s h
the size: 2008the id: 562 and the character: e w
the size: 2009the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 2010the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 2011the id: 1974 and the character: kne
the size: 2012the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 2013the id: 1976 and the character: , ev
the size: 2014the id: 1284 and the character: en 
the size: 2015the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 2016the id: 1658 and the character: bac
the size: 2017the id: 1072 and the character: k 
the size: 2018the id: 366 and the character: ca
the size: 2019the id: 948 and the character: n b
the size: 2020the id: 1049 and the character: e r
the size: 2021the id: 1283 and the character: eve
the size: 2022the id: 468 and the character: al
the size: 2023the id: 309 and the character: ing
the size: 2024the id: 514 and the character: . A
the size: 2025the id: 1988 and the character:  k
the size: 2026the id: 373 and the character: il
the size: 2027the id: 988 and the character: ome
the size: 2028the id: 593 and the character: tre
the size: 2029the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 2030the id: 1131 and the character: way 
the size: 2031the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 2032the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 2033the id: 1983 and the character: ini
the size: 2034the id: 1312 and the character: str
the size: 2035the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 2036the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 2037the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 2038the id: 635 and the character: ru
the size: 2039the id: 329 and the character: th,
the size: 2040the id: 473 and the character:  hi
the size: 2041the id: 735 and the character: s p
the size: 2042the id: 626 and the character: lac
the size: 2043the id: 881 and the character: e o
the size: 2044the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 2045the id: 1297 and the character: wor
the size: 2046the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 2047the id: 533 and the character: , to
the size: 2048the id: 1829 and the character: were
the size: 2049the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 2050the id: 795 and the character: va
the size: 2051the id: 458 and the character: st 
the size: 2052the id: 702 and the character: and 
the size: 2053the id: 1787 and the character: whi
the size: 2054the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 2055the id: 909 and the character:  abo
the size: 2056the id: 746 and the character: ve 
the size: 2057the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 2058the id: 1173 and the character: gr
the size: 2059the id: 474 and the character: im
the size: 2060the id: 1747 and the character: y l
the size: 2061the id: 503 and the character: and
the size: 2062the id: 365 and the character: sc
the size: 2063the id: 367 and the character: ap
the size: 2064the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2065the id: 1008 and the character: . Th
the size: 2066the id: 332 and the character: is
the size: 2067the id: 330 and the character: , h
the size: 2068the id: 847 and the character: e th
the size: 2069the id: 1642 and the character: ought
the size: 2070the id: 994 and the character:  with
the size: 2071the id: 523 and the character:  a 
the size: 2072the id: 642 and the character: so
the size: 2073the id: 738 and the character: rt o
the size: 2074the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 2075the id: 795 and the character: va
the size: 2076the id: 981 and the character: gu
the size: 2077the id: 1119 and the character: e d
the size: 2078the id: 332 and the character: is
the size: 2079the id: 556 and the character: ta
the size: 2080the id: 531 and the character: ste
the size: 2081the id: 1947 and the character:  -
the size: 2082the id: 1931 and the character: - 
the size: 2083the id: 312 and the character: thi
the size: 2084the id: 300 and the character: s w
the size: 2085the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 2086the id: 76 and the character: L
the size: 2087the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 2088the id: 403 and the character: do
the size: 2089the id: 1848 and the character: n,
the size: 2090the id: 294 and the character:  c
the size: 2091the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 2092the id: 357 and the character: ef
the size: 2093the id: 294 and the character:  c
the size: 2094the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 2095the id: 2036 and the character: y o
the size: 2096the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 2097the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 2098the id: 663 and the character: irs
the size: 2099the id: 712 and the character: tri
the size: 2100the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 2101the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2102the id: 835 and the character: On
the size: 2103the id: 813 and the character: e, 
the size: 2104the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 2105the id: 706 and the character: se
the size: 2106the id: 1689 and the character: lf
the size: 2107the id: 1996 and the character:  the t
the size: 2108the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 2109the id: 1809 and the character: rd
the size: 2110the id: 628 and the character:  mo
the size: 2111the id: 458 and the character: st 
the size: 2112the id: 529 and the character: po
the size: 2113the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 2114the id: 800 and the character: ul
the size: 2115the id: 865 and the character: ous 
the size: 2116the id: 1208 and the character: of the 
the size: 2117the id: 284 and the character: pr
the size: 2118the id: 1686 and the character: ov
the size: 2119the id: 1945 and the character: inc
the size: 2120the id: 1320 and the character: es o
the size: 2121the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 2122the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 2123the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 2124the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 2125the id: 1438 and the character: ia
the size: 2126the id: 1146 and the character: . H
the size: 2127the id: 671 and the character: e tr
the size: 2128the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 2129the id: 1995 and the character: ed to 
the size: 2130the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 2131the id: 1025 and the character: que
the size: 2132the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2133the id: 870 and the character: ze
the size: 2134the id: 449 and the character:  o
the size: 2135the id: 1679 and the character: ut 
the size: 2136the id: 642 and the character: so
the size: 2137the id: 644 and the character: me 
the size: 2138the id: 334 and the character: ch
the size: 2139the id: 373 and the character: il
the size: 2140the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2141the id: 731 and the character: ho
the size: 2142the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2143the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 2144the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 2145the id: 587 and the character: mor
the size: 2146the id: 1191 and the character: y th
the size: 2147the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 2148the id: 852 and the character: sh
the size: 2149the id: 1909 and the character: ould
the size: 2150the id: 311 and the character:  t
the size: 2151the id: 2010 and the character: ell
the size: 2152the id: 473 and the character:  hi
the size: 2153the id: 696 and the character: m w
the size: 2154the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 2155the id: 1826 and the character: ther 
the size: 2156the id: 2087 and the character: Lo
the size: 2157the id: 542 and the character: ndo
the size: 2158the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 2159the id: 986 and the character: had 
the size: 2160the id: 468 and the character: al
the size: 2161the id: 484 and the character: way
the size: 2162the id: 349 and the character: s b
the size: 2163the id: 1667 and the character: een 
the size: 2164the id: 429 and the character: qui
the size: 2165the id: 2055 and the character: te 
the size: 2166the id: 1027 and the character: lik
the size: 2167the id: 847 and the character: e th
the size: 2168the id: 332 and the character: is
the size: 2169the id: 1056 and the character: . W
the size: 2170the id: 1324 and the character: ere 
the size: 2171the id: 1361 and the character: ther
the size: 2172the id: 502 and the character: e a
the size: 2173the id: 483 and the character: lw
the size: 2174the id: 277 and the character: ay
the size: 2175the id: 1384 and the character: s t
the size: 2176the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 2177the id: 1246 and the character: se 
the size: 2178the id: 1784 and the character: vis
the size: 2179the id: 2080 and the character: tas
the size: 2180the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 2181the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 2182the id: 453 and the character: tt
the size: 2183the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 2184the id: 788 and the character: ni
the size: 2185the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 2186the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 2187the id: 442 and the character: ent
the size: 2188the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 2189the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2190the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 2191the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 2192the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 2193the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 2194the id: 1431 and the character: hou
the size: 2195the id: 706 and the character: se
the size: 2196the id: 1341 and the character: s, 
the size: 2197the id: 370 and the character: the
the size: 2198the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 2199the id: 1722 and the character:  si
the size: 2200the id: 596 and the character: de
the size: 2201the id: 1348 and the character: s sh
the size: 2202the id: 1765 and the character: ore
the size: 2203the id: 1759 and the character: d u
the size: 2204the id: 2101 and the character: p 
the size: 2205the id: 1592 and the character: with 
the size: 2206the id: 499 and the character: ba
the size: 2207the id: 800 and the character: ul
the size: 2208the id: 299 and the character: ks
the size: 2209the id: 1264 and the character:  of t
the size: 2210the id: 474 and the character: im
the size: 2211the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 2212the id: 1507 and the character: r,
the size: 2213the id: 561 and the character:  the
the size: 2214the id: 2199 and the character: ir 
the size: 2215the id: 1322 and the character: wind
the size: 2216the id: 817 and the character: ow
the size: 2217the id: 735 and the character: s p
the size: 2218the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 2219the id: 1894 and the character: ched 
the size: 2220the id: 1592 and the character: with 
the size: 2221the id: 366 and the character: ca
the size: 2222the id: 1809 and the character: rd
the size: 2223the id: 492 and the character: bo
the size: 2224the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 2225the id: 793 and the character: d a
the size: 2226the id: 1684 and the character: nd th
the size: 2227the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2228the id: 2199 and the character: ir 
the size: 2229the id: 1565 and the character: roo
the size: 2230the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 2231the id: 300 and the character: s w
the size: 2232the id: 1778 and the character: ith
the size: 2233the id: 1505 and the character:  cor
the size: 2234the id: 635 and the character: ru
the size: 2235the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 2236the id: 757 and the character: ate
the size: 2237the id: 343 and the character: d i
the size: 2238the id: 1434 and the character: ron
the size: 2239the id: 943 and the character: , the
the size: 2240the id: 2199 and the character: ir 
the size: 2241the id: 1710 and the character: cr
the size: 2242the id: 869 and the character: az
the size: 2243the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 2244the id: 2236 and the character: ga
the size: 2245the id: 1809 and the character: rd
the size: 2246the id: 1284 and the character: en 
the size: 2247the id: 875 and the character: wall
the size: 2248the id: 1235 and the character: s s
the size: 2249the id: 500 and the character: ag
the size: 2250the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 2251the id: 1613 and the character: ing i
the size: 2252the id: 681 and the character: n a
the size: 2253the id: 1087 and the character: ll 
the size: 2254the id: 1120 and the character: di
the size: 2255the id: 1713 and the character: rec
the size: 2256the id: 947 and the character: tion
the size: 2257the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 2258the id: 63 and the character: ?
the size: 2259the id: 282 and the character:  A
the size: 2260the id: 2227 and the character: nd the
the size: 2261the id: 264 and the character:  b
the size: 2262the id: 643 and the character: om
the size: 2263the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 2264the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 2265the id: 418 and the character: si
the size: 2266the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 2267the id: 983 and the character: s wh
the size: 2268the id: 2171 and the character: ere t
the size: 2269the id: 856 and the character: he p
the size: 2270the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 2271the id: 858 and the character: ster
the size: 2272the id: 723 and the character:  du
the size: 2273the id: 458 and the character: st 
the size: 2274the id: 445 and the character: sw
the size: 2275the id: 447 and the character: irl
the size: 2276the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 2277the id: 1516 and the character: in th
the size: 2278the id: 502 and the character: e a
the size: 2279the id: 2199 and the character: ir 
the size: 2280the id: 1351 and the character: and th
the size: 2281the id: 594 and the character: e wi
the size: 2282the id: 904 and the character: llo
the size: 2283the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 2284the id: 1052 and the character: -h
the size: 2285the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 2286the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 2287the id: 1489 and the character:  st
the size: 2288the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 2289the id: 1864 and the character: gg
the size: 2290the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 2291the id: 1151 and the character: d ov
the size: 2292the id: 1267 and the character: er t
the size: 2293the id: 480 and the character: he h
the size: 2294the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 2295the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 2296the id: 1814 and the character: s of 
the size: 2297the id: 635 and the character: ru
the size: 2298the id: 1673 and the character: bbl
the size: 2299the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2300the id: 59 and the character: ;
the size: 2301the id: 1342 and the character:  and t
the size: 2302the id: 2270 and the character: he pl
the size: 2303the id: 584 and the character: ace
the size: 2304the id: 2268 and the character: s whe
the size: 2305the id: 1202 and the character: re t
the size: 2306the id: 1192 and the character: he b
the size: 2307the id: 2263 and the character: omb
the size: 2308the id: 1772 and the character: s h
the size: 2309the id: 551 and the character: ad
the size: 2310the id: 294 and the character:  c
the size: 2311the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 2312the id: 891 and the character: are
the size: 2313the id: 1062 and the character: d a 
the size: 2314the id: 536 and the character: lar
the size: 2315the id: 501 and the character: ge
the size: 2316the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 2317the id: 1607 and the character: pat
the size: 2318the id: 1065 and the character: ch an
the size: 2319the id: 290 and the character: d t
the size: 2320the id: 1127 and the character: her
the size: 2321the id: 1430 and the character: e h
the size: 2322the id: 2310 and the character: ad 
the size: 2323the id: 1338 and the character: sp
the size: 2324the id: 635 and the character: ru
the size: 2325the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 2326the id: 1760 and the character: up 
the size: 2327the id: 2073 and the character: sor
the size: 2328the id: 1120 and the character: di
the size: 2329the id: 1303 and the character: d c
the size: 2330the id: 525 and the character: olo
the size: 2331the id: 788 and the character: ni
the size: 2332the id: 2121 and the character: es of
the size: 2333the id: 1753 and the character:  wo
the size: 2334the id: 2143 and the character: od
the size: 2335the id: 1284 and the character: en 
the size: 2336the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2337the id: 1805 and the character: wel
the size: 2338the id: 1674 and the character: lin
the size: 2339the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 2340the id: 1472 and the character: s l
the size: 2341the id: 1576 and the character: ik
the size: 2342the id: 944 and the character: e c
the size: 2343the id: 889 and the character: hic
the size: 2344the id: 1028 and the character: ke
the size: 2345the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 2346the id: 1052 and the character: -h
the size: 2347the id: 581 and the character: ous
the size: 2348the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 2349the id: 2259 and the character: ? 
the size: 2350the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 2351the id: 1679 and the character: ut 
the size: 2352the id: 1110 and the character: it w
the size: 2353the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 2354the id: 668 and the character: no 
the size: 2355the id: 670 and the character: use
the size: 2356the id: 2068 and the character: , he
the size: 2357the id: 1116 and the character:  cou
the size: 2358the id: 1263 and the character: ld 
the size: 2359the id: 426 and the character: no
the size: 2360the id: 1253 and the character: t r
the size: 2361the id: 1364 and the character: eme
the size: 2362the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 2363the id: 2212 and the character: ber
the size: 2364the id: 598 and the character: : 
the size: 2365the id: 2360 and the character: not
the size: 2366the id: 335 and the character: hin
the size: 2367the id: 310 and the character: g 
the size: 2368the id: 1774 and the character: rem
the size: 2369the id: 1590 and the character: ain
the size: 2370the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 2371the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 2372the id: 807 and the character: his 
the size: 2373the id: 2139 and the character: chi
the size: 2374the id: 273 and the character: ld
the size: 2375the id: 2142 and the character: hoo
the size: 2376the id: 1391 and the character: d e
the size: 2377the id: 1378 and the character: xc
the size: 2378the id: 569 and the character: ep
the size: 2379the id: 443 and the character: t a
the size: 2380the id: 693 and the character:  se
the size: 2381the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 2382the id: 2333 and the character: es of 
the size: 2383the id: 265 and the character: br
the size: 2384the id: 1599 and the character: ight
the size: 2385the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2386the id: 1315 and the character: lit
the size: 2387the id: 311 and the character:  t
the size: 2388the id: 1093 and the character: abl
the size: 2389the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 2390the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 2391the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 2392the id: 449 and the character:  o
the size: 2393the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 2394the id: 1594 and the character: cu
the size: 2395the id: 1034 and the character: rr
the size: 2396the id: 1350 and the character: ing a
the size: 2397the id: 2236 and the character: ga
the size: 2398the id: 652 and the character: inst
the size: 2399the id: 1629 and the character:  no
the size: 2400the id: 264 and the character:  b
the size: 2401the id: 1398 and the character: ack
the size: 2402the id: 1173 and the character: gr
the size: 2403the id: 1732 and the character: oun
the size: 2404the id: 2226 and the character: d an
the size: 2405the id: 2144 and the character: d m
the size: 2406the id: 1499 and the character: ost
the size: 2407the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 2408the id: 1204 and the character: un
the size: 2409the id: 1266 and the character: inte
the size: 2410the id: 1161 and the character: lli
the size: 2411the id: 2251 and the character: gi
the size: 2412the id: 1888 and the character: ble
the size: 2413the id: 1276 and the character: .


the size: 2414the id: 1623 and the character: The 
the size: 2415the id: 2033 and the character: Mi
the size: 2416the id: 788 and the character: ni
the size: 2417the id: 2035 and the character: stry
the size: 2418the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 2419the id: 2038 and the character: Tr
the size: 2420the id: 1125 and the character: ut
the size: 2421the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 2422the id: 1948 and the character: -- 
the size: 2423the id: 2416 and the character: Min
the size: 2424the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 2425the id: 635 and the character: ru
the size: 2426the id: 2104 and the character: e, i
the size: 2427the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 2428the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 2429the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2430the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 2431the id: 1751 and the character: spe
the size: 2432the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 2433the id: 1072 and the character: k 
the size: 2434the id: 1948 and the character: -- 
the size: 2435the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 2436the id: 661 and the character: sta
the size: 2437the id: 314 and the character: rt
the size: 2438the id: 2339 and the character: ling
the size: 2439the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 2440the id: 1120 and the character: di
the size: 2441the id: 358 and the character: ff
the size: 2442the id: 1084 and the character: ere
the size: 2443the id: 1100 and the character: nt 
the size: 2444the id: 1936 and the character: from 
the size: 2445the id: 1868 and the character: any 
the size: 2446the id: 1496 and the character: oth
the size: 2447the id: 803 and the character: er 
the size: 2448the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2449the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 2450the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 2451the id: 710 and the character: ec
the size: 2452the id: 1971 and the character: t in
the size: 2453the id: 1722 and the character:  si
the size: 2454the id: 729 and the character: ght
the size: 2455the id: 2000 and the character: . It 
the size: 2456the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 2457the id: 577 and the character: an 
the size: 2458the id: 863 and the character: eno
the size: 2459the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 2460the id: 1400 and the character: mou
the size: 2461the id: 735 and the character: s p
the size: 2462the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 2463the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 2464the id: 327 and the character: mi
the size: 2465the id: 276 and the character: da
the size: 2466the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 2467the id: 1312 and the character: str
the size: 2468the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 2469the id: 711 and the character: ct
the size: 2470the id: 886 and the character: ure
the size: 2471the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 2472the id: 399 and the character: gl
the size: 2473the id: 1720 and the character: itt
the size: 2474the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 2475the id: 1832 and the character: ing w
the size: 2476the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 2477the id: 2055 and the character: te 
the size: 2478the id: 1885 and the character: conc
the size: 2479the id: 303 and the character: re
the size: 2480the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 2481the id: 1768 and the character: , so
the size: 2482the id: 796 and the character: ari
the size: 2483the id: 2326 and the character: ng u
the size: 2484the id: 775 and the character: p,
the size: 2485the id: 2151 and the character:  te
the size: 2486the id: 1034 and the character: rr
the size: 2487the id: 601 and the character: ace 
the size: 2488the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 2489the id: 676 and the character: ft
the size: 2490the id: 1267 and the character: er t
the size: 2491the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 2492the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 2493the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 2494the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 2495the id: 51 and the character: 3
the size: 2496the id: 48 and the character: 0
the size: 2497the id: 48 and the character: 0
the size: 2498the id: 1171 and the character:  me
the size: 2499the id: 593 and the character: tre
the size: 2500the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 2501the id: 1614 and the character: into 
the size: 2502the id: 1950 and the character: the a
the size: 2503the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 2504the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 2505the id: 70 and the character: F
the size: 2506the id: 1413 and the character: rom 
the size: 2507the id: 1394 and the character: whe
the size: 2508the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 2509the id: 1987 and the character: Winston 
the size: 2510the id: 323 and the character: sto
the size: 2511the id: 2143 and the character: od
the size: 2512the id: 690 and the character:  it
the size: 2513the id: 1668 and the character:  was 
the size: 2514the id: 1271 and the character: ju
the size: 2515the id: 2112 and the character: st p
the size: 2516the id: 530 and the character: os
the size: 2517the id: 418 and the character: si
the size: 2518the id: 1888 and the character: ble
the size: 2519the id: 437 and the character:  to 
the size: 2520the id: 972 and the character: rea
the size: 2521the id: 1463 and the character: d, 
the size: 2522the id: 1757 and the character: pic
the size: 2523the id: 1474 and the character: ked 
the size: 2524the id: 910 and the character: out 
the size: 2525the id: 753 and the character: on 
the size: 2526the id: 2105 and the character: its
the size: 2527the id: 1325 and the character:  whi
the size: 2528the id: 2055 and the character: te 
the size: 2529the id: 1407 and the character: face 
the size: 2530the id: 354 and the character: in 
the size: 2531the id: 709 and the character: ele
the size: 2532the id: 2236 and the character: ga
the size: 2533the id: 1100 and the character: nt 
the size: 2534the id: 1143 and the character: let
the size: 2535the id: 464 and the character: ter
the size: 2536the id: 841 and the character: ing,
the size: 2537the id: 2108 and the character:  the th
the size: 2538the id: 1107 and the character: ree
the size: 2539the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 2540the id: 296 and the character: lo
the size: 2541the id: 2533 and the character: gan
the size: 2542the id: 1814 and the character: s of 
the size: 2543the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 2544the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 2545the id: 1210 and the character: arty
the size: 2546the id: 58 and the character: :
the size: 2547the id: 477 and the character: 


the size: 2548the id: 87 and the character: W
the size: 2549the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 2550the id: 929 and the character: R 
the size: 2551the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 2552the id: 931 and the character: S 
the size: 2553the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 2554the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 2555the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 2556the id: 67 and the character: C
the size: 2557the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 2558the id: 477 and the character: 


the size: 2559the id: 70 and the character: F
the size: 2560the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 2561the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 2562the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 2563the id: 68 and the character: D
the size: 2564the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 2565the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 2566the id: 1450 and the character:  IS 
the size: 2567the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2568the id: 76 and the character: L
the size: 2569the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 2570the id: 86 and the character: V
the size: 2571the id: 928 and the character: ER
the size: 2572the id: 89 and the character: Y
the size: 2573the id: 956 and the character: 

I
the size: 2574the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 2575the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 2576the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 2577the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 2578the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 2579the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 2580the id: 2557 and the character: CE
the size: 2581the id: 2567 and the character:  IS S
the size: 2582the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 2583the id: 2561 and the character: RE
the size: 2584the id: 938 and the character: NG
the size: 2585the id: 926 and the character: TH
the size: 2586the id: 477 and the character: 


the size: 2587the id: 2415 and the character: The M
the size: 2588the id: 2034 and the character: inis
the size: 2589the id: 306 and the character: tr
the size: 2590the id: 2096 and the character: y of
the size: 2591the id: 1811 and the character:  T
the size: 2592the id: 2039 and the character: rut
the size: 2593the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 2594the id: 894 and the character: con
the size: 2595the id: 556 and the character: ta
the size: 2596the id: 1776 and the character: ined
the size: 2597the id: 1109 and the character: , i
the size: 2598the id: 767 and the character: t was 
the size: 2599the id: 1070 and the character: sa
the size: 2600the id: 595 and the character: id
the size: 2601the id: 855 and the character: , th
the size: 2602the id: 2539 and the character: ree 
the size: 2603the id: 1343 and the character: thou
the size: 2604the id: 1070 and the character: sa
the size: 2605the id: 633 and the character: nd 
the size: 2606the id: 1565 and the character: roo
the size: 2607the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 2608the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 2609the id: 607 and the character: abo
the size: 2610the id: 746 and the character: ve 
the size: 2611the id: 2403 and the character: gro
the size: 2612the id: 1958 and the character: und
the size: 2613the id: 1741 and the character:  le
the size: 2614the id: 1493 and the character: vel
the size: 2615the id: 776 and the character: , an
the size: 2616the id: 2330 and the character: d co
the size: 2617the id: 1034 and the character: rr
the size: 2618the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 2619the id: 529 and the character: po
the size: 2620the id: 1419 and the character: ndi
the size: 2621the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 2622the id: 2464 and the character: ram
the size: 2623the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 2624the id: 614 and the character: fi
the size: 2625the id: 366 and the character: ca
the size: 2626the id: 2257 and the character: tions
the size: 2627the id: 1801 and the character:  be
the size: 2628the id: 1748 and the character: low
the size: 2629the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 2630the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2631the id: 2626 and the character: cat
the size: 2632the id: 464 and the character: ter
the size: 2633the id: 1716 and the character: ed a
the size: 2634the id: 1678 and the character: bou
the size: 2635the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 2636the id: 2157 and the character: Lon
the size: 2637the id: 2089 and the character: don
the size: 2638the id: 561 and the character:  the
the size: 2639the id: 1128 and the character: re w
the size: 2640the id: 1324 and the character: ere 
the size: 2641the id: 2515 and the character: jus
the size: 2642the id: 1126 and the character: t th
the size: 2643the id: 2539 and the character: ree 
the size: 2644the id: 2447 and the character: othe
the size: 2645the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 2646the id: 1124 and the character: bu
the size: 2647the id: 2140 and the character: ild
the size: 2648the id: 309 and the character: ing
the size: 2649the id: 1814 and the character: s of 
the size: 2650the id: 573 and the character: sim
the size: 2651the id: 373 and the character: il
the size: 2652the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 2653the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 2654the id: 1510 and the character: ppe
the size: 2655the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 2656the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 2657the id: 1549 and the character: ce a
the size: 2658the id: 633 and the character: nd 
the size: 2659the id: 1188 and the character: siz
the size: 2660the id: 2065 and the character: e.
the size: 2661the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2662the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2663the id: 893 and the character: o c
the size: 2664the id: 643 and the character: om
the size: 2665the id: 547 and the character: pl
the size: 2666the id: 989 and the character: et
the size: 2667the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 2668the id: 455 and the character: y d
the size: 2669the id: 1628 and the character: id 
the size: 2670the id: 1891 and the character: they
the size: 2671the id: 275 and the character:  d
the size: 2672the id: 259 and the character: wa
the size: 2673the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 2674the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 2675the id: 1345 and the character: the su
the size: 2676the id: 1034 and the character: rr
the size: 2677the id: 2404 and the character: ound
the size: 2678the id: 1350 and the character: ing a
the size: 2679the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 2680the id: 2139 and the character: chi
the size: 2681the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 2682the id: 2470 and the character: ctu
the size: 2683the id: 2306 and the character: re th
the size: 2684the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 2685the id: 1936 and the character: from 
the size: 2686the id: 1564 and the character: the r
the size: 2687the id: 404 and the character: oo
the size: 2688the id: 408 and the character: f 
the size: 2689the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 2690the id: 410 and the character: Vi
the size: 2691the id: 711 and the character: ct
the size: 2692the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 2693the id: 414 and the character: y M
the size: 2694the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 2695the id: 1785 and the character: sio
the size: 2696the id: 417 and the character: ns
the size: 2697the id: 1827 and the character:  yo
the size: 2698the id: 915 and the character: u 
the size: 2699the id: 1799 and the character: cou
the size: 2700the id: 1263 and the character: ld 
the size: 2701the id: 1363 and the character: see
the size: 2702the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 2703the id: 1087 and the character: ll 
the size: 2704the id: 359 and the character: fo
the size: 2705the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 2706the id: 1264 and the character:  of t
the size: 2707the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 2708the id: 462 and the character: m 
the size: 2709the id: 573 and the character: sim
the size: 2710the id: 1724 and the character: ult
the size: 2711the id: 416 and the character: an
the size: 2712the id: 1616 and the character: eo
the size: 2713the id: 457 and the character: us
the size: 2714the id: 1728 and the character: ly.
the size: 2715the id: 1811 and the character:  T
the size: 2716the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 2717the id: 1892 and the character: y w
the size: 2718the id: 2269 and the character: ere th
the size: 2719the id: 1430 and the character: e h
the size: 2720the id: 988 and the character: ome
the size: 2721the id: 2543 and the character: s of t
the size: 2722the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 2723the id: 2705 and the character: fou
the size: 2724the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 2725the id: 2424 and the character: Mini
the size: 2726the id: 1312 and the character: str
the size: 2727the id: 2129 and the character: ie
the size: 2728the id: 2163 and the character: s be
the size: 2729the id: 1561 and the character: tw
the size: 2730the id: 1667 and the character: een 
the size: 2731the id: 1787 and the character: whi
the size: 2732the id: 838 and the character: ch 
the size: 2733the id: 862 and the character: the e
the size: 2734the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 2735the id: 1915 and the character: ire
the size: 2736the id: 2654 and the character:  ap
the size: 2737the id: 750 and the character: par
the size: 2738the id: 1227 and the character: atu
the size: 2739the id: 1814 and the character: s of 
the size: 2740the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 2741the id: 1964 and the character: ove
the size: 2742the id: 1331 and the character: rn
the size: 2743the id: 1692 and the character: ment
the size: 2744the id: 1668 and the character:  was 
the size: 2745the id: 1870 and the character: div
the size: 2746the id: 959 and the character: ide
the size: 2747the id: 1810 and the character: d. 
the size: 2748the id: 2588 and the character: The Mi
the size: 2749the id: 2417 and the character: nis
the size: 2750the id: 2590 and the character: try
the size: 2751the id: 2419 and the character:  of T
the size: 2752the id: 2593 and the character: ruth
the size: 2753the id: 781 and the character: , wh
the size: 2754the id: 1788 and the character: ich 
the size: 2755the id: 1885 and the character: conc
the size: 2756the id: 1521 and the character: ern
the size: 2757the id: 2277 and the character: ed i
the size: 2758the id: 512 and the character: ts
the size: 2759the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 2760the id: 2045 and the character: f w
the size: 2761the id: 2233 and the character: ith 
the size: 2762the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 2763the id: 2431 and the character: ws
the size: 2764the id: 1282 and the character: , e
the size: 2765the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 2766the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 2767the id: 2596 and the character: tai
the size: 2768the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 2769the id: 1692 and the character: ment
the size: 2770the id: 1282 and the character: , e
the size: 2771the id: 998 and the character: duc
the size: 2772the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 2773the id: 1000 and the character: ion
the size: 2774the id: 2616 and the character: , and
the size: 2775the id: 1780 and the character:  the f
the size: 2776the id: 789 and the character: ine
the size: 2777the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 2778the id: 314 and the character: rt
the size: 2779the id: 1622 and the character: s. T
the size: 2780the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 2781the id: 2726 and the character: Minis
the size: 2782the id: 2751 and the character: try 
the size: 2783the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 2784the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 2785the id: 837 and the character: eac
the size: 2786the id: 813 and the character: e, 
the size: 2787the id: 2732 and the character: whic
the size: 2788the id: 2594 and the character: h c
the size: 2789the id: 324 and the character: on
the size: 2790the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 2791the id: 1422 and the character: rne
the size: 2792the id: 343 and the character: d i
the size: 2793the id: 2759 and the character: tse
the size: 2794the id: 2107 and the character: lf 
the size: 2795the id: 1592 and the character: with 
the size: 2796the id: 2673 and the character: war
the size: 2797the id: 1396 and the character: . The 
the size: 2798the id: 2782 and the character: Minist
the size: 2799the id: 413 and the character: ry
the size: 2800the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 2801the id: 2087 and the character: Lo
the size: 2802the id: 616 and the character: ve,
the size: 2803the id: 1325 and the character:  whi
the size: 2804the id: 838 and the character: ch 
the size: 2805the id: 1775 and the character: mai
the size: 2806the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 2807the id: 2370 and the character: aine
the size: 2808the id: 1933 and the character: d l
the size: 2809the id: 1676 and the character: aw
the size: 2810the id: 1329 and the character:  and 
the size: 2811the id: 1081 and the character: ord
the size: 2812the id: 1423 and the character: er.
the size: 2813the id: 2260 and the character:  An
the size: 2814the id: 2320 and the character: d th
the size: 2815the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 2816the id: 2799 and the character: Ministr
the size: 2817the id: 2591 and the character: y of 
the size: 2818the id: 1704 and the character: Pl
the size: 2819the id: 442 and the character: ent
the size: 2820the id: 549 and the character: y,
the size: 2821the id: 2804 and the character:  whic
the size: 2822the id: 1200 and the character: h w
the size: 2823the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 2824the id: 649 and the character: res
the size: 2825the id: 2620 and the character: pon
the size: 2826the id: 2518 and the character: sib
the size: 2827the id: 374 and the character: le 
the size: 2828the id: 610 and the character: for
the size: 2829the id: 356 and the character:  e
the size: 2830the id: 894 and the character: con
the size: 2831the id: 643 and the character: om
the size: 2832the id: 713 and the character: ic 
the size: 2833the id: 2489 and the character: af
the size: 2834the id: 1220 and the character: fai
the size: 2835the id: 1356 and the character: rs
the size: 2836the id: 1095 and the character: . The
the size: 2837the id: 2199 and the character: ir 
the size: 2838the id: 1226 and the character: na
the size: 2839the id: 829 and the character: mes
the size: 2840the id: 1109 and the character: , i
the size: 2841the id: 2428 and the character: n N
the size: 2842the id: 2430 and the character: ew
the size: 2843the id: 2432 and the character: spea
the size: 2844the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 2845the id: 598 and the character: : 
the size: 2846the id: 2424 and the character: Mini
the size: 2847the id: 306 and the character: tr
the size: 2848the id: 1194 and the character: ue
the size: 2849the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 2850the id: 2424 and the character: Mini
the size: 2851the id: 736 and the character: pa
the size: 2852the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 2853the id: 2850 and the character: , M
the size: 2854the id: 1983 and the character: ini
the size: 2855the id: 1251 and the character: lu
the size: 2856the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 2857the id: 2775 and the character: , and 
the size: 2858the id: 2851 and the character: Minip
the size: 2859the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 2860the id: 717 and the character: nt
the size: 2861the id: 1145 and the character: y.
the size: 2862the id: 2587 and the character: 

T
the size: 2863the id: 2781 and the character: he M
the size: 2864the id: 2589 and the character: inist
the size: 2865the id: 2800 and the character: ry 
the size: 2866the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 2867the id: 2802 and the character: Lov
the size: 2868the id: 562 and the character: e w
the size: 2869the id: 784 and the character: as t
the size: 2870the id: 1773 and the character: he r
the size: 2871the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 2872the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 2873the id: 1219 and the character: y f
the size: 2874the id: 1050 and the character: rig
the size: 2875the id: 269 and the character: ht
the size: 2876the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 2877the id: 974 and the character: ing o
the size: 2878the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 2879the id: 1424 and the character: . Ther
the size: 2880the id: 2009 and the character: e we
the size: 2881the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 2882the id: 1130 and the character: no w
the size: 2883the id: 1291 and the character: indo
the size: 2884the id: 2431 and the character: ws
the size: 2885the id: 747 and the character:  in 
the size: 2886the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 2887the id: 1904 and the character: at a
the size: 2888the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 2889the id: 1056 and the character: . W
the size: 2890the id: 652 and the character: inst
the size: 2891the id: 753 and the character: on 
the size: 2892the id: 986 and the character: had 
the size: 2893the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 2894the id: 1152 and the character: ver 
the size: 2895the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 2896the id: 1284 and the character: en 
the size: 2897the id: 322 and the character: ins
the size: 2898the id: 959 and the character: ide
the size: 2899the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 2900the id: 2817 and the character: Ministry
the size: 2901the id: 2801 and the character:  of L
the size: 2902the id: 1964 and the character: ove
the size: 2903the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 2904the id: 426 and the character: no
the size: 2905the id: 1914 and the character: r wi
the size: 2906the id: 990 and the character: thin
the size: 2907the id: 1214 and the character:  ha
the size: 2908the id: 2107 and the character: lf 
the size: 2909the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 2910the id: 308 and the character: ki
the size: 2911the id: 296 and the character: lo
the size: 2912the id: 592 and the character: met
the size: 2913the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 2914the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 2915the id: 328 and the character: it
the size: 2916the id: 2456 and the character: . It w
the size: 2917the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 2918the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 2919the id: 1388 and the character: pla
the size: 2920the id: 867 and the character: ce 
the size: 2921the id: 474 and the character: im
the size: 2922the id: 857 and the character: pos
the size: 2923the id: 2827 and the character: sibl
the size: 2924the id: 369 and the character: e t
the size: 2925the id: 363 and the character: o e
the size: 2926the id: 2766 and the character: nte
the size: 2927the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 2928the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2929the id: 2378 and the character: xce
the size: 2930the id: 1380 and the character: pt 
the size: 2931the id: 753 and the character: on 
the size: 2932the id: 1139 and the character: off
the size: 2933the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 2934the id: 1438 and the character: ia
the size: 2935the id: 1671 and the character: l b
the size: 2936the id: 457 and the character: us
the size: 2937the id: 789 and the character: ine
the size: 2938the id: 1878 and the character: ss
the size: 2939the id: 2775 and the character: , and 
the size: 2940the id: 370 and the character: the
the size: 2941the id: 1001 and the character: n o
the size: 2942the id: 1638 and the character: nl
the size: 2943the id: 624 and the character: y b
the size: 2944the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 2945the id: 368 and the character: pe
the size: 2946the id: 2186 and the character: net
the size: 2947the id: 751 and the character: rat
the size: 2948the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 2949the id: 391 and the character: thr
the size: 2950the id: 1078 and the character: ough
the size: 2951the id: 523 and the character:  a 
the size: 2952the id: 510 and the character: ma
the size: 2953the id: 2134 and the character: ze 
the size: 2954the id: 491 and the character: of b
the size: 2955the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 2956the id: 2264 and the character: bed
the size: 2957the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2958the id: 1874 and the character: wir
the size: 2959the id: 518 and the character: e e
the size: 2960the id: 2807 and the character: nta
the size: 2961the id: 466 and the character: ng
the size: 2962the id: 341 and the character: le
the size: 2963the id: 1692 and the character: ment
the size: 2964the id: 1341 and the character: s, 
the size: 2965the id: 531 and the character: ste
the size: 2966the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 2967the id: 1410 and the character:  do
the size: 2968the id: 405 and the character: ors
the size: 2969the id: 2775 and the character: , and 
the size: 2970the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 2971the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2972the id: 596 and the character: de
the size: 2973the id: 1736 and the character: n ma
the size: 2974the id: 2139 and the character: chi
the size: 2975the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 2976the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2977the id: 981 and the character: gu
the size: 2978the id: 336 and the character: n n
the size: 2979the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 2980the id: 512 and the character: ts
the size: 2981the id: 678 and the character: . E
the size: 2982the id: 769 and the character: ven 
the size: 2983the id: 1311 and the character: the s
the size: 2984the id: 1490 and the character: tree
the size: 2985the id: 512 and the character: ts
the size: 2986the id: 1741 and the character:  le
the size: 2987the id: 973 and the character: adi
the size: 2988the id: 2484 and the character: ng up
the size: 2989the id: 437 and the character:  to 
the size: 2990the id: 2527 and the character: its 
the size: 2991the id: 608 and the character: out
the size: 2992the id: 803 and the character: er 
the size: 2993the id: 499 and the character: ba
the size: 2994the id: 2396 and the character: rri
the size: 2995the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 2996the id: 1083 and the character: s we
the size: 2997the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 2998the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 2999the id: 1013 and the character: am
the size: 3000the id: 1241 and the character: ed b
the size: 3001the id: 2244 and the character: y g
the size: 3002the id: 360 and the character: or
the size: 3003the id: 1670 and the character: ill
the size: 3004the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 3005the id: 613 and the character: -f
the size: 3006the id: 584 and the character: ace
the size: 3007the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 3008the id: 981 and the character: gu
the size: 3009the id: 2225 and the character: ard
the size: 3010the id: 2501 and the character: s i
the size: 3011the id: 948 and the character: n b
the size: 3012the id: 626 and the character: lac
the size: 3013the id: 1072 and the character: k 
the size: 3014the id: 2409 and the character: uni
the size: 3015the id: 1206 and the character: form
the size: 3016the id: 1341 and the character: s, 
the size: 3017the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 3018the id: 1039 and the character: med
the size: 3019the id: 2071 and the character:  with 
the size: 3020the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 3021the id: 493 and the character: oi
the size: 3022the id: 2766 and the character: nte
the size: 3023the id: 290 and the character: d t
the size: 3024the id: 2325 and the character: run
the size: 3025the id: 631 and the character: che
the size: 3026the id: 420 and the character: ons
the size: 3027the id: 1986 and the character: .

W
the size: 3028the id: 2891 and the character: insto
the size: 3029the id: 1059 and the character: n tu
the size: 3030the id: 2792 and the character: rned
the size: 3031the id: 1238 and the character:  ro
the size: 3032the id: 2613 and the character: und 
the size: 3033the id: 497 and the character: ab
the size: 3034the id: 635 and the character: ru
the size: 3035the id: 946 and the character: pt
the size: 3036the id: 2715 and the character: ly. 
the size: 3037the id: 1147 and the character: He
the size: 3038the id: 1214 and the character:  ha
the size: 3039the id: 2265 and the character: d s
the size: 3040the id: 989 and the character: et
the size: 3041the id: 2041 and the character:  his
the size: 3042the id: 645 and the character:  fe
the size: 3043the id: 1227 and the character: atu
the size: 3044the id: 649 and the character: res
the size: 3045the id: 1477 and the character:  int
the size: 3046the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 3047the id: 862 and the character: the e
the size: 3048the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 3049the id: 705 and the character: pres
the size: 3050the id: 2696 and the character: sion
the size: 3051the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 3052the id: 429 and the character: qui
the size: 3053the id: 3041 and the character: et 
the size: 3054the id: 843 and the character: op
the size: 3055the id: 828 and the character: tim
the size: 3056the id: 332 and the character: is
the size: 3057the id: 2154 and the character: m wh
the size: 3058the id: 1788 and the character: ich 
the size: 3059the id: 2353 and the character: it wa
the size: 3060the id: 2609 and the character: s a
the size: 3061the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 3062the id: 1784 and the character: vis
the size: 3063the id: 2389 and the character: able
the size: 3064the id: 437 and the character:  to 
the size: 3065the id: 301 and the character: we
the size: 3066the id: 2653 and the character: ar 
the size: 3067the id: 1394 and the character: whe
the size: 3068the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 3069the id: 1046 and the character: fac
the size: 3070the id: 2949 and the character: ing t
the size: 3071the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 3072the id: 1997 and the character: teles
the size: 3073the id: 1710 and the character: cr
the size: 3074the id: 554 and the character: een
the size: 3075the id: 2127 and the character: . He
the size: 3076the id: 294 and the character:  c
the size: 3077the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 3078the id: 1878 and the character: ss
the size: 3079the id: 897 and the character: ed th
the size: 3080the id: 1049 and the character: e r
the size: 3081the id: 404 and the character: oo
the size: 3082the id: 462 and the character: m 
the size: 3083the id: 2502 and the character: into t
the size: 3084the id: 3072 and the character: he t
the size: 3085the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 3086the id: 278 and the character: y 
the size: 3087the id: 308 and the character: ki
the size: 3088the id: 1834 and the character: tc
the size: 3089the id: 912 and the character: hen
the size: 3090the id: 918 and the character: . B
the size: 3091the id: 1747 and the character: y l
the size: 3092the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 3093the id: 1596 and the character: vin
the size: 3094the id: 310 and the character: g 
the size: 3095the id: 2032 and the character: the M
the size: 3096the id: 2865 and the character: inistr
the size: 3097the id: 576 and the character: y a
the size: 3098the id: 1126 and the character: t th
the size: 3099the id: 1213 and the character: is 
the size: 3100the id: 828 and the character: tim
the size: 3101the id: 2044 and the character: e of
the size: 3102the id: 275 and the character:  d
the size: 3103the id: 277 and the character: ay
the size: 3104the id: 347 and the character:  h
the size: 3105the id: 2322 and the character: e ha
the size: 3106the id: 2265 and the character: d s
the size: 3107the id: 557 and the character: ac
the size: 3108the id: 266 and the character: ri
the size: 3109the id: 2625 and the character: fic
the size: 3110the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 3111the id: 807 and the character: his 
the size: 3112the id: 1251 and the character: lu
the size: 3113the id: 1548 and the character: nc
the size: 3114the id: 952 and the character: h i
the size: 3115the id: 1543 and the character: n the 
the size: 3116the id: 2019 and the character: can
the size: 3117the id: 2187 and the character: tee
the size: 3118the id: 2090 and the character: n, 
the size: 3119the id: 702 and the character: and 
the size: 3120the id: 832 and the character: he w
the size: 3121the id: 2918 and the character: as a
the size: 3122the id: 2673 and the character: war
the size: 3123the id: 1889 and the character: e tha
the size: 3124the id: 1126 and the character: t th
the size: 3125the id: 1324 and the character: ere 
the size: 3126the id: 1129 and the character: was n
the size: 3127the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 3128the id: 359 and the character: fo
the size: 3129the id: 2512 and the character: od 
the size: 3130the id: 2278 and the character: in the
the size: 3131the id: 2026 and the character:  ki
the size: 3132the id: 3089 and the character: tch
the size: 3133the id: 1284 and the character: en 
the size: 3134the id: 2929 and the character: ex
the size: 3135the id: 1970 and the character: cept
the size: 3136the id: 523 and the character:  a 
the size: 3137the id: 1134 and the character: hu
the size: 3138the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 3139the id: 1072 and the character: k 
the size: 3140the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 3141the id: 1973 and the character: dark
the size: 3142the id: 2190 and the character: -c
the size: 3143the id: 525 and the character: olo
the size: 3144the id: 886 and the character: ure
the size: 3145the id: 552 and the character: d b
the size: 3146the id: 2521 and the character: read
the size: 3147the id: 2822 and the character:  which
the size: 3148the id: 3039 and the character:  had
the size: 3149the id: 398 and the character:  g
the size: 3150the id: 1630 and the character: ot 
the size: 3151the id: 560 and the character: to 
the size: 3152the id: 1367 and the character: be 
the size: 3153the id: 1070 and the character: sa
the size: 3154the id: 1150 and the character: ved
the size: 3155the id: 754 and the character:  for 
the size: 3156the id: 345 and the character: to
the size: 3157the id: 587 and the character: mor
the size: 3158the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 3159the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 3160the id: 1657 and the character: 's b
the size: 3161the id: 972 and the character: rea
the size: 3162the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 3163the id: 583 and the character: fa
the size: 3164the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 3165the id: 3076 and the character: . He 
the size: 3166the id: 345 and the character: to
the size: 3167the id: 1301 and the character: ok
the size: 3168the id: 1410 and the character:  do
the size: 3169the id: 1487 and the character: wn 
the size: 3170the id: 2686 and the character: from t
the size: 3171the id: 1352 and the character: he s
the size: 3172the id: 292 and the character: he
the size: 3173the id: 2909 and the character: lf a
the size: 3174the id: 2262 and the character:  bo
the size: 3175the id: 1582 and the character: ttle
the size: 3176the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 3177the id: 1370 and the character: colo
the size: 3178the id: 648 and the character: ur
the size: 3179the id: 1105 and the character: les
the size: 3180the id: 2341 and the character: s li
the size: 3181the id: 429 and the character: qui
the size: 3182the id: 1777 and the character: d wi
the size: 3183the id: 619 and the character: th a
the size: 3184the id: 1023 and the character:  pl
the size: 3185the id: 1590 and the character: ain
the size: 3186the id: 2528 and the character:  whit
the size: 3187the id: 1026 and the character: e l
the size: 3188the id: 497 and the character: ab
the size: 3189the id: 2967 and the character: el 
the size: 3190the id: 510 and the character: ma
the size: 3191the id: 1468 and the character: rk
the size: 3192the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 3193the id: 86 and the character: V
the size: 3194the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 3195the id: 67 and the character: C
the size: 3196the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 3197the id: 2577 and the character: OR
the size: 3198the id: 89 and the character: Y
the size: 3199the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3200the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 3201the id: 937 and the character: IN
the size: 3202the id: 2000 and the character: . It 
the size: 3203the id: 2236 and the character: ga
the size: 3204the id: 746 and the character: ve 
the size: 3205the id: 1139 and the character: off
the size: 3206the id: 2072 and the character:  a s
the size: 3207the id: 430 and the character: ick
the size: 3208the id: 819 and the character: ly,
the size: 3209the id: 449 and the character:  o
the size: 3210the id: 373 and the character: il
the size: 3211the id: 485 and the character: y s
the size: 3212the id: 487 and the character: me
the size: 3213the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 3214the id: 2007 and the character: , as
the size: 3215the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 3216the id: 67 and the character: C
the size: 3217the id: 335 and the character: hin
the size: 3218the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 3219the id: 1049 and the character: e r
the size: 3220the id: 1011 and the character: ice
the size: 3221the id: 1338 and the character: sp
the size: 3222the id: 313 and the character: ir
the size: 3223the id: 2916 and the character: it.
the size: 3224the id: 651 and the character:  Wi
the size: 3225the id: 779 and the character: nst
the size: 3226the id: 753 and the character: on 
the size: 3227the id: 529 and the character: po
the size: 3228the id: 3145 and the character: ured
the size: 3229the id: 2135 and the character:  ou
the size: 3230the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 3231the id: 950 and the character: nea
the size: 3232the id: 1298 and the character: rl
the size: 3233the id: 1354 and the character: y a 
the size: 3234the id: 315 and the character: te
the size: 3235the id: 557 and the character: ac
the size: 3236the id: 774 and the character: up
the size: 3237the id: 1688 and the character: ful
the size: 3238the id: 2904 and the character: , n
the size: 3239the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 3240the id: 3155 and the character: ved 
the size: 3241the id: 331 and the character: hi
the size: 3242the id: 2608 and the character: ms
the size: 3243the id: 2760 and the character: elf
the size: 3244the id: 754 and the character:  for 
the size: 3245the id: 444 and the character: a s
the size: 3246the id: 731 and the character: ho
the size: 3247the id: 298 and the character: ck
the size: 3248the id: 2775 and the character: , and 
the size: 3249the id: 981 and the character: gu
the size: 3250the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 3251the id: 383 and the character: ped
the size: 3252the id: 2513 and the character:  it 
the size: 3253the id: 1558 and the character: dow
the size: 3254the id: 281 and the character: n 
the size: 3255the id: 2167 and the character: like
the size: 3256the id: 523 and the character:  a 
the size: 3257the id: 403 and the character: do
the size: 3258the id: 1246 and the character: se 
the size: 3259the id: 450 and the character: of 
the size: 3260the id: 1039 and the character: med
the size: 3261the id: 2934 and the character: ici
the size: 3262the id: 2879 and the character: ne.
the size: 3263the id: 956 and the character: 

I
the size: 3264the id: 779 and the character: nst
the size: 3265the id: 1574 and the character: ant
the size: 3266the id: 639 and the character: ly h
the size: 3267the id: 1223 and the character: is f
the size: 3268the id: 601 and the character: ace 
the size: 3269the id: 647 and the character: tu
the size: 3270the id: 3031 and the character: rned 
the size: 3271the id: 2063 and the character: sca
the size: 3272the id: 1298 and the character: rl
the size: 3273the id: 3041 and the character: et 
the size: 3274the id: 2281 and the character: and the
the size: 3275the id: 783 and the character:  wa
the size: 3276the id: 464 and the character: ter
the size: 3277the id: 634 and the character:  r
the size: 3278the id: 605 and the character: an o
the size: 3279the id: 1679 and the character: ut 
the size: 3280the id: 2372 and the character: of h
the size: 3281the id: 1213 and the character: is 
the size: 3282the id: 1470 and the character: ey
the size: 3283the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 3284the id: 1396 and the character: . The 
the size: 3285the id: 305 and the character: st
the size: 3286the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 3287the id: 722 and the character: ff 
the size: 3288the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 3289the id: 3256 and the character: like 
the size: 3290the id: 788 and the character: ni
the size: 3291the id: 712 and the character: tri
the size: 3292the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 3293the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 3294the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 3295the id: 2601 and the character: id,
the size: 3296the id: 1329 and the character:  and 
the size: 3297the id: 587 and the character: mor
the size: 3298the id: 1766 and the character: eov
the size: 3299the id: 1752 and the character: er, 
the size: 3300the id: 354 and the character: in 
the size: 3301the id: 445 and the character: sw
the size: 3302the id: 482 and the character: all
the size: 3303the id: 817 and the character: ow
the size: 3304the id: 1613 and the character: ing i
the size: 3305the id: 516 and the character: t on
the size: 3306the id: 3106 and the character: e had
the size: 3307the id: 1043 and the character:  the s
the size: 3308the id: 317 and the character: en
the size: 3309the id: 1070 and the character: sa
the size: 3310the id: 1460 and the character: tion 
the size: 3311the id: 491 and the character: of b
the size: 3312the id: 2228 and the character: ei
the size: 3313the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 3314the id: 2477 and the character: hit
the size: 3315the id: 1428 and the character:  on
the size: 3316the id: 683 and the character:  the b
the size: 3317the id: 1992 and the character: ack 
the size: 3318the id: 1208 and the character: of the 
the size: 3319the id: 621 and the character: hea
the size: 3320the id: 3183 and the character: d wit
the size: 3321the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 3322the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 3323the id: 2298 and the character: rub
the size: 3324the id: 2212 and the character: ber
the size: 3325the id: 2311 and the character:  cl
the size: 3326the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 3327the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 3328the id: 1396 and the character: . The 
the size: 3329the id: 517 and the character: ne
the size: 3330the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 3331the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 3332the id: 580 and the character: mo
the size: 3333the id: 2770 and the character: ment,
the size: 3334the id: 1634 and the character:  ho
the size: 3335the id: 301 and the character: we
the size: 3336the id: 1767 and the character: ver,
the size: 3337the id: 683 and the character:  the b
the size: 3338the id: 1060 and the character: urn
the size: 3339the id: 2252 and the character: ing in
the size: 3340the id: 3042 and the character:  his 
the size: 3341the id: 553 and the character: be
the size: 3342the id: 2873 and the character: lly
the size: 3343the id: 545 and the character:  di
the size: 3344the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 3345the id: 3254 and the character: down
the size: 3346the id: 2302 and the character:  and th
the size: 3347the id: 1080 and the character: e wo
the size: 3348the id: 1298 and the character: rl
the size: 3349the id: 1118 and the character: d be
the size: 3350the id: 2533 and the character: gan
the size: 3351the id: 437 and the character:  to 
the size: 3352the id: 1473 and the character: look
the size: 3353the id: 628 and the character:  mo
the size: 3354the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 3355the id: 631 and the character: che
the size: 3356the id: 302 and the character: er
the size: 3357the id: 1688 and the character: ful
the size: 3358the id: 3166 and the character: . He t
the size: 3359the id: 404 and the character: oo
the size: 3360the id: 1072 and the character: k 
the size: 3361the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 3362the id: 3295 and the character: ci
the size: 3363the id: 2245 and the character: gar
the size: 3364the id: 989 and the character: et
the size: 3365the id: 2529 and the character: te f
the size: 3366the id: 1413 and the character: rom 
the size: 3367the id: 3362 and the character: a c
the size: 3368the id: 1098 and the character: rum
the size: 3369the id: 2666 and the character: ple
the size: 3370the id: 1040 and the character: d pa
the size: 3371the id: 558 and the character: cke
the size: 3372the id: 3332 and the character: t m
the size: 3373the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 3374the id: 1474 and the character: ked 
the size: 3375the id: 3194 and the character: VI
the size: 3376the id: 3196 and the character: CT
the size: 3377the id: 3198 and the character: ORY
the size: 3378the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3379the id: 67 and the character: C
the size: 3380the id: 920 and the character: IG
the size: 3381the id: 2550 and the character: AR
the size: 3382the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3383the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 3384the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 3385the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3386the id: 931 and the character: S 
the size: 3387the id: 702 and the character: and 
the size: 3388the id: 1945 and the character: inc
the size: 3389the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 3390the id: 1982 and the character: uti
the size: 3391the id: 1727 and the character: ousl
the size: 3392the id: 2194 and the character: y h
the size: 3393the id: 1782 and the character: eld 
the size: 3394the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 3395the id: 774 and the character: up
the size: 3396the id: 2875 and the character: righ
the size: 3397the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 3398the id: 781 and the character: , wh
the size: 3399the id: 1084 and the character: ere
the size: 3400the id: 774 and the character: up
the size: 3401the id: 753 and the character: on 
the size: 3402the id: 1103 and the character: the t
the size: 3403the id: 2449 and the character: ob
the size: 3404the id: 557 and the character: ac
the size: 3405the id: 271 and the character: co
the size: 3406the id: 645 and the character:  fe
the size: 3407the id: 1087 and the character: ll 
the size: 3408the id: 2525 and the character: out o
the size: 3409the id: 555 and the character: n t
the size: 3410the id: 3047 and the character: o t
the size: 3411the id: 2723 and the character: he f
the size: 3412the id: 1300 and the character: loo
the size: 3413the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3414the id: 2890 and the character: . Wi
the size: 3415the id: 472 and the character: th 
the size: 3416the id: 659 and the character: the 
the size: 3417the id: 3330 and the character: nex
the size: 3418the id: 730 and the character: t h
the size: 3419the id: 2869 and the character: e wa
the size: 3420the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 3421the id: 3298 and the character: more
the size: 3422the id: 660 and the character:  s
the size: 3423the id: 2469 and the character: uc
the size: 3424the id: 802 and the character: ce
the size: 3425the id: 1878 and the character: ss
the size: 3426the id: 3358 and the character: ful.
the size: 3427the id: 755 and the character:  H
the size: 3428the id: 2009 and the character: e we
the size: 3429the id: 1100 and the character: nt 
the size: 3430the id: 2017 and the character: back
the size: 3431the id: 1153 and the character:  to t
the size: 3432the id: 848 and the character: he l
the size: 3433the id: 615 and the character: iv
the size: 3434the id: 309 and the character: ing
the size: 3435the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 3436the id: 2607 and the character: room
the size: 3437the id: 1329 and the character:  and 
the size: 3438the id: 3310 and the character: sat
the size: 3439the id: 3169 and the character:  dow
the size: 3440the id: 681 and the character: n a
the size: 3441the id: 2380 and the character: t a 
the size: 3442the id: 486 and the character: sm
the size: 3443the id: 482 and the character: all
the size: 3444the id: 2388 and the character:  ta
the size: 3445the id: 2519 and the character: ble 
the size: 3446the id: 1940 and the character: that 
the size: 3447the id: 2511 and the character: stoo
the size: 3448the id: 290 and the character: d t
the size: 3449the id: 3411 and the character: o th
the size: 3450the id: 1026 and the character: e l
the size: 3451the id: 357 and the character: ef
the size: 3452the id: 1693 and the character: t of t
the size: 3453the id: 3072 and the character: he t
the size: 3454the id: 1665 and the character: eles
the size: 3455the id: 3074 and the character: cre
the size: 3456the id: 1999 and the character: en.
the size: 3457the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3458the id: 2506 and the character: Fr
the size: 3459the id: 873 and the character: om 
the size: 3460the id: 1103 and the character: the t
the size: 3461the id: 3064 and the character: able 
the size: 3462the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 3463the id: 507 and the character: ra
the size: 3464the id: 1201 and the character: wer
the size: 3465the id: 3105 and the character:  he
the size: 3466the id: 362 and the character:  to
the size: 3467the id: 3168 and the character: ok 
the size: 3468the id: 975 and the character: out a
the size: 3469the id: 1615 and the character:  pe
the size: 3470the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 3471the id: 731 and the character: ho
the size: 3472the id: 273 and the character: ld
the size: 3473the id: 1752 and the character: er, 
the size: 3474the id: 2016 and the character: a b
the size: 3475the id: 427 and the character: ot
the size: 3476the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 3477the id: 374 and the character: le 
the size: 3478the id: 2915 and the character: of i
the size: 3479the id: 3139 and the character: nk
the size: 3480the id: 2775 and the character: , and 
the size: 3481the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 3482the id: 312 and the character: thi
the size: 3483the id: 3248 and the character: ck,
the size: 3484the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3485the id: 385 and the character: qu
the size: 3486the id: 1041 and the character: art
the size: 3487the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 3488the id: 851 and the character: -s
the size: 3489the id: 1984 and the character: iz
the size: 3490the id: 1241 and the character: ed b
the size: 3491the id: 1705 and the character: lan
the size: 3492the id: 1072 and the character: k 
the size: 3493the id: 492 and the character: bo
the size: 3494the id: 3168 and the character: ok 
the size: 3495the id: 1592 and the character: with 
the size: 3496the id: 3323 and the character: a r
the size: 3497the id: 1241 and the character: ed b
the size: 3498the id: 1992 and the character: ack 
the size: 3499the id: 702 and the character: and 
the size: 3500the id: 604 and the character: a ma
the size: 3501the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3502the id: 1888 and the character: ble
the size: 3503the id: 2330 and the character: d co
the size: 3504the id: 825 and the character: ver
the size: 3505the id: 1276 and the character: .


the size: 3506the id: 70 and the character: F
the size: 3507the id: 540 and the character: or 
the size: 3508the id: 2137 and the character: som
the size: 3509the id: 2021 and the character: e re
the size: 3510the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 3511the id: 3402 and the character: on t
the size: 3512the id: 3454 and the character: he te
the size: 3513the id: 1105 and the character: les
the size: 3514the id: 3456 and the character: cree
the size: 3515the id: 1309 and the character: n i
the size: 3516the id: 1543 and the character: n the 
the size: 3517the id: 1928 and the character: liv
the size: 3518the id: 3435 and the character: ing-
the size: 3519the id: 3437 and the character: room 
the size: 3520the id: 692 and the character: was 
the size: 3521the id: 354 and the character: in 
the size: 3522the id: 577 and the character: an 
the size: 3523the id: 1204 and the character: un
the size: 3524the id: 457 and the character: us
the size: 3525the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 3526the id: 1022 and the character: al 
the size: 3527the id: 1442 and the character: posi
the size: 3528the id: 947 and the character: tion
the size: 3529the id: 1542 and the character: . In
the size: 3530the id: 531 and the character: ste
the size: 3531the id: 2310 and the character: ad 
the size: 3532the id: 3312 and the character: of be
the size: 3533the id: 673 and the character: ing 
the size: 3534the id: 2920 and the character: plac
the size: 3535the id: 342 and the character: ed
the size: 3536the id: 3215 and the character: , as 
the size: 3537the id: 3127 and the character: was no
the size: 3538the id: 2460 and the character: rm
the size: 3539the id: 468 and the character: al
the size: 3540the id: 2841 and the character: , in
the size: 3541the id: 708 and the character:  the e
the size: 3542the id: 633 and the character: nd 
the size: 3543the id: 875 and the character: wall
the size: 3544the id: 3399 and the character: , whe
the size: 3545the id: 588 and the character: re 
the size: 3546the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 3547the id: 2700 and the character: coul
the size: 3548the id: 2330 and the character: d co
the size: 3549the id: 1417 and the character: mm
the size: 3550the id: 3275 and the character: and the 
the size: 3551the id: 888 and the character: wh
the size: 3552the id: 272 and the character: ol
the size: 3553the id: 3081 and the character: e ro
the size: 3554the id: 643 and the character: om
the size: 3555the id: 2598 and the character: , it
the size: 3556the id: 1668 and the character:  was 
the size: 3557the id: 3131 and the character: in the 
the size: 3558the id: 1770 and the character: long
the size: 3559the id: 803 and the character: er 
the size: 3560the id: 3544 and the character: wall,
the size: 3561the id: 449 and the character:  o
the size: 3562the id: 844 and the character: ppo
the size: 3563the id: 2266 and the character: sit
the size: 3564the id: 1740 and the character: e the 
the size: 3565the id: 2216 and the character: windo
the size: 3566the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 3567the id: 762 and the character: . T
the size: 3568the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 3569the id: 1504 and the character: one 
the size: 3570the id: 1280 and the character: sid
the size: 3571the id: 3102 and the character: e of 
the size: 3572the id: 1939 and the character: it t
the size: 3573the id: 2321 and the character: here
the size: 3574the id: 1668 and the character:  was 
the size: 3575the id: 3246 and the character: a sh
the size: 3576the id: 3303 and the character: allo
the size: 3577the id: 1749 and the character: w 
the size: 3578the id: 468 and the character: al
the size: 3579the id: 1529 and the character: cov
the size: 3580the id: 1096 and the character: e i
the size: 3581the id: 1591 and the character: n w
the size: 3582the id: 1037 and the character: hich 
the size: 3583the id: 1987 and the character: Winston 
the size: 3584the id: 3127 and the character: was no
the size: 3585the id: 1749 and the character: w 
the size: 3586the id: 2266 and the character: sit
the size: 3587the id: 1136 and the character: ting
the size: 3588the id: 2775 and the character: , and 
the size: 3589the id: 2788 and the character: which
the size: 3590the id: 3399 and the character: , whe
the size: 3591the id: 1543 and the character: n the 
the size: 3592the id: 765 and the character: fl
the size: 3593the id: 511 and the character: at
the size: 3594the id: 2997 and the character: s wer
the size: 3595the id: 1830 and the character: e b
the size: 3596the id: 386 and the character: ui
the size: 3597the id: 489 and the character: lt
the size: 3598the id: 550 and the character: , ha
the size: 3599the id: 528 and the character: d p
the size: 3600the id: 392 and the character: ro
the size: 3601the id: 1672 and the character: bab
the size: 3602the id: 432 and the character: ly 
the size: 3603the id: 2896 and the character: bee
the size: 3604the id: 3516 and the character: n in
the size: 3605the id: 1847 and the character: ten
the size: 3606the id: 1796 and the character: ded
the size: 3607the id: 437 and the character:  to 
the size: 3608the id: 3472 and the character: hol
the size: 3609the id: 552 and the character: d b
the size: 3610the id: 3360 and the character: ook
the size: 3611the id: 852 and the character: sh
the size: 3612the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 3613the id: 441 and the character: ve
the size: 3614the id: 650 and the character: s. 
the size: 3615the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 3616the id: 485 and the character: y s
the size: 3617the id: 1720 and the character: itt
the size: 3618the id: 3340 and the character: ing in 
the size: 3619the id: 1950 and the character: the a
the size: 3620the id: 801 and the character: lc
the size: 3621the id: 2903 and the character: ove,
the size: 3622the id: 1329 and the character:  and 
the size: 3623the id: 1028 and the character: ke
the size: 3624the id: 569 and the character: ep
the size: 3625the id: 1832 and the character: ing w
the size: 3626the id: 2152 and the character: ell 
the size: 3627the id: 2017 and the character: back
the size: 3628the id: 287 and the character: , 
the size: 3629the id: 3584 and the character: Winston w
the size: 3630the id: 2918 and the character: as a
the size: 3631the id: 3446 and the character: ble t
the size: 3632the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 3633the id: 2369 and the character: rema
the size: 3634the id: 354 and the character: in 
the size: 3635the id: 608 and the character: out
the size: 3636the id: 3571 and the character: side
the size: 3637the id: 599 and the character:  the 
the size: 3638the id: 954 and the character: ran
the size: 3639the id: 538 and the character: ge 
the size: 3640the id: 1208 and the character: of the 
the size: 3641the id: 3073 and the character: telesc
the size: 3642the id: 1711 and the character: reen
the size: 3643the id: 1768 and the character: , so
the size: 3644the id: 1544 and the character:  far
the size: 3645the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 3646the id: 1235 and the character: s s
the size: 3647the id: 1599 and the character: ight
the size: 3648the id: 814 and the character:  we
the size: 3649the id: 1843 and the character: nt.
the size: 3650the id: 3428 and the character:  He
the size: 3651the id: 2358 and the character:  coul
the size: 3652the id: 1118 and the character: d be
the size: 3653the id: 3105 and the character:  he
the size: 3654the id: 2225 and the character: ard
the size: 3655the id: 842 and the character: , o
the size: 3656the id: 1140 and the character: f c
the size: 3657the id: 732 and the character: ours
the size: 3658the id: 813 and the character: e, 
the size: 3659the id: 1124 and the character: bu
the size: 3660the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 3661the id: 642 and the character: so
the size: 3662the id: 535 and the character:  l
the size: 3663the id: 1019 and the character: ong
the size: 3664the id: 3646 and the character:  as
the size: 3665the id: 3466 and the character:  he 
the size: 3666the id: 661 and the character: sta
the size: 3667the id: 901 and the character: ye
the size: 3668the id: 343 and the character: d i
the size: 3669the id: 2159 and the character: n h
the size: 3670the id: 1213 and the character: is 
the size: 3671the id: 705 and the character: pres
the size: 3672the id: 707 and the character: ent 
the size: 3673the id: 3528 and the character: posit
the size: 3674the id: 1000 and the character: ion
the size: 3675the id: 3466 and the character:  he 
the size: 3676the id: 3548 and the character: could
the size: 3677the id: 1629 and the character:  no
the size: 3678the id: 257 and the character: t 
the size: 3679the id: 3153 and the character: be s
the size: 3680the id: 3075 and the character: een.
the size: 3681the id: 1601 and the character:  It
the size: 3682the id: 1668 and the character:  was 
the size: 3683the id: 750 and the character: par
the size: 3684the id: 3477 and the character: tl
the size: 3685the id: 1191 and the character: y th
the size: 3686the id: 799 and the character: e u
the size: 3687the id: 337 and the character: nu
the size: 3688the id: 1044 and the character: su
the size: 3689the id: 1022 and the character: al 
the size: 3690the id: 501 and the character: ge
the size: 3691the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 3692the id: 1173 and the character: gr
the size: 3693the id: 367 and the character: ap
the size: 3694the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 3695the id: 2591 and the character: y of 
the size: 3696the id: 2687 and the character: the ro
the size: 3697the id: 3460 and the character: om t
the size: 3698the id: 1852 and the character: hat 
the size: 3699the id: 986 and the character: had 
the size: 3700the id: 1044 and the character: su
the size: 3701the id: 1864 and the character: gg
the size: 3702the id: 2980 and the character: est
the size: 3703the id: 1995 and the character: ed to 
the size: 3704the id: 3242 and the character: him
the size: 3705the id: 2108 and the character:  the th
the size: 3706the id: 3071 and the character: ing th
the size: 3707the id: 1269 and the character: at h
the size: 3708the id: 3420 and the character: e was
the size: 3709the id: 1629 and the character:  no
the size: 3710the id: 3578 and the character: w a
the size: 3711the id: 2635 and the character: bout
the size: 3712the id: 437 and the character:  to 
the size: 3713the id: 403 and the character: do
the size: 3714the id: 1650 and the character: .

B
the size: 3715the id: 2352 and the character: ut i
the size: 3716the id: 730 and the character: t h
the size: 3717the id: 2310 and the character: ad 
the size: 3718the id: 468 and the character: al
the size: 3719the id: 3662 and the character: so 
the size: 3720the id: 3604 and the character: been
the size: 3721the id: 3423 and the character:  su
the size: 3722the id: 3702 and the character: gge
the size: 3723the id: 531 and the character: ste
the size: 3724the id: 1190 and the character: d by
the size: 3725the id: 683 and the character:  the b
the size: 3726the id: 3360 and the character: ook
the size: 3727the id: 589 and the character:  tha
the size: 3728the id: 3419 and the character: t he
the size: 3729the id: 3149 and the character:  had 
the size: 3730the id: 2642 and the character: just
the size: 3731the id: 2388 and the character:  ta
the size: 3732the id: 2345 and the character: ken
the size: 3733the id: 3230 and the character:  out
the size: 3734the id: 2707 and the character:  of th
the size: 3735the id: 1119 and the character: e d
the size: 3736the id: 3464 and the character: raw
the size: 3737the id: 2813 and the character: er. 
the size: 3738the id: 878 and the character: It wa
the size: 3739the id: 2609 and the character: s a
the size: 3740the id: 1615 and the character:  pe
the size: 3741the id: 1594 and the character: cu
the size: 3742the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 3743the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 3744the id: 3603 and the character: ly b
the size: 3745the id: 2390 and the character: eau
the size: 3746the id: 687 and the character: ti
the size: 3747the id: 1688 and the character: ful
the size: 3748the id: 2262 and the character:  bo
the size: 3749the id: 1301 and the character: ok
the size: 3750the id: 1881 and the character: . It
the size: 3751the id: 1235 and the character: s s
the size: 3752the id: 580 and the character: mo
the size: 3753the id: 1496 and the character: oth
the size: 3754the id: 3077 and the character:  cr
the size: 3755the id: 351 and the character: ea
the size: 3756the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 3757the id: 2945 and the character: y p
the size: 3758the id: 2064 and the character: ape
the size: 3759the id: 2213 and the character: r, 
the size: 3760the id: 976 and the character: a l
the size: 3761the id: 1720 and the character: itt
the size: 3762the id: 374 and the character: le 
the size: 3763the id: 901 and the character: ye
the size: 3764the id: 2283 and the character: llow
the size: 3765the id: 3001 and the character: ed by
the size: 3766the id: 262 and the character:  a
the size: 3767the id: 501 and the character: ge
the size: 3768the id: 617 and the character: , w
the size: 3769the id: 879 and the character: as o
the size: 3770the id: 603 and the character: f a
the size: 3771the id: 2026 and the character:  ki
the size: 3772the id: 1733 and the character: nd tha
the size: 3773the id: 3717 and the character: t ha
the size: 3774the id: 274 and the character: d 
the size: 3775the id: 2360 and the character: not
the size: 3776the id: 1801 and the character:  be
the size: 3777the id: 1284 and the character: en 
the size: 3778the id: 1418 and the character: man
the size: 3779the id: 3287 and the character: uf
the size: 3780the id: 557 and the character: ac
the size: 3781the id: 3270 and the character: tur
the size: 3782the id: 1570 and the character: ed fo
the size: 3783the id: 544 and the character: r 
the size: 3784the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 3785the id: 2312 and the character: lea
the size: 3786the id: 458 and the character: st 
the size: 3787the id: 610 and the character: for
the size: 3788the id: 966 and the character: ty 
the size: 3789the id: 901 and the character: ye
the size: 3790the id: 1245 and the character: ars
the size: 3791the id: 1209 and the character:  pa
the size: 3792the id: 3165 and the character: st.
the size: 3793the id: 3651 and the character:  He 
the size: 3794the id: 3677 and the character: could 
the size: 3795the id: 2077 and the character: gue
the size: 3796the id: 2939 and the character: ss,
the size: 3797the id: 3335 and the character:  how
the size: 3798the id: 1392 and the character: ever
the size: 3799the id: 855 and the character: , th
the size: 3800the id: 1890 and the character: at t
the size: 3801the id: 2307 and the character: he bo
the size: 3802the id: 3495 and the character: ok w
the size: 3803the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 3804the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 3805the id: 2469 and the character: uc
the size: 3806the id: 436 and the character: h 
the size: 3807the id: 505 and the character: old
the size: 3808the id: 2293 and the character: er th
the size: 3809the id: 577 and the character: an 
the size: 3810the id: 1385 and the character: that
the size: 3811the id: 3076 and the character: . He 
the size: 3812the id: 3700 and the character: had s
the size: 3813the id: 1667 and the character: een 
the size: 3814the id: 522 and the character: it 
the size: 3815the id: 389 and the character: ly
the size: 3816the id: 3619 and the character: ing in t
the size: 3817the id: 1517 and the character: he wi
the size: 3818the id: 1156 and the character: ndow
the size: 3819the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 3820the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 3821the id: 872 and the character: fro
the size: 3822the id: 2431 and the character: ws
the size: 3823the id: 1747 and the character: y l
the size: 3824the id: 3762 and the character: ittl
the size: 3825the id: 293 and the character: e 
the size: 3826the id: 1271 and the character: ju
the size: 3827the id: 3139 and the character: nk
the size: 3828the id: 851 and the character: -s
the size: 3829the id: 731 and the character: ho
the size: 3830the id: 2101 and the character: p 
the size: 3831the id: 3522 and the character: in a
the size: 3832the id: 2540 and the character:  sl
the size: 3833the id: 1952 and the character: um
the size: 3834the id: 3757 and the character: my
the size: 3835the id: 3485 and the character:  q
the size: 3836the id: 3526 and the character: ua
the size: 3837the id: 314 and the character: rt
the size: 3838the id: 2448 and the character: er o
the size: 3839the id: 2675 and the character: f t
the size: 3840the id: 3072 and the character: he t
the size: 3841the id: 1411 and the character: own 
the size: 3842the id: 40 and the character: (
the size: 3843the id: 3731 and the character: just 
the size: 3844the id: 1075 and the character: wha
the size: 3845the id: 428 and the character: t q
the size: 3846the id: 3837 and the character: uar
the size: 3847the id: 3277 and the character: ter 
the size: 3848the id: 397 and the character: he 
the size: 3849the id: 2329 and the character: did
the size: 3850the id: 3678 and the character:  not
the size: 3851the id: 3710 and the character:  now
the size: 3852the id: 634 and the character:  r
the size: 3853the id: 2362 and the character: emem
the size: 3854the id: 2212 and the character: ber
the size: 3855the id: 1115 and the character: ) 
the size: 3856the id: 3120 and the character: and h
the size: 3857the id: 2310 and the character: ad 
the size: 3858the id: 3721 and the character: been 
the size: 3859the id: 2727 and the character: stri
the size: 3860the id: 558 and the character: cke
the size: 3861the id: 1309 and the character: n i
the size: 3862the id: 1417 and the character: mm
the size: 3863the id: 1437 and the character: edi
the size: 3864the id: 1439 and the character: atel
the size: 3865the id: 2944 and the character: y by
the size: 3866the id: 355 and the character:  an 
the size: 3867the id: 2742 and the character: over
the size: 3868the id: 1394 and the character: whe
the size: 3869the id: 1691 and the character: lm
the size: 3870the id: 725 and the character: ing d
the size: 3871the id: 364 and the character: es
the size: 3872the id: 2736 and the character: ire 
the size: 3873the id: 560 and the character: to 
the size: 3874the id: 2923 and the character: poss
the size: 3875the id: 1175 and the character: ess
the size: 3876the id: 690 and the character:  it
the size: 3877the id: 319 and the character: . 
the size: 3878the id: 2545 and the character: Pa
the size: 3879the id: 611 and the character: rty
the size: 3880the id: 1171 and the character:  me
the size: 3881the id: 2363 and the character: mb
the size: 3882the id: 2996 and the character: ers
the size: 3883the id: 814 and the character:  we
the size: 3884the id: 1362 and the character: re s
the size: 3885the id: 774 and the character: up
the size: 3886the id: 857 and the character: pos
the size: 3887the id: 495 and the character: ed 
the size: 3888the id: 3776 and the character: not 
the size: 3889the id: 560 and the character: to 
the size: 3890the id: 2741 and the character: go
the size: 3891the id: 3046 and the character:  into
the size: 3892the id: 449 and the character:  o
the size: 3893the id: 1809 and the character: rd
the size: 3894the id: 280 and the character: in
the size: 3895the id: 737 and the character: ar
the size: 3896the id: 485 and the character: y s
the size: 3897the id: 3830 and the character: hop
the size: 3898the id: 261 and the character: s 
the size: 3899the id: 40 and the character: (
the size: 3900the id: 1405 and the character: 'd
the size: 3901the id: 2872 and the character: eal
the size: 3902the id: 2878 and the character: ing on
the size: 3903the id: 1780 and the character:  the f
the size: 3904the id: 2539 and the character: ree 
the size: 3905the id: 3191 and the character: mar
the size: 3906the id: 1028 and the character: ke
the size: 3907the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 3908the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 3909the id: 3556 and the character: , it 
the size: 3910the id: 1111 and the character: was c
the size: 3911the id: 482 and the character: all
the size: 3912the id: 342 and the character: ed
the size: 3913the id: 41 and the character: )
the size: 3914the id: 1123 and the character: , b
the size: 3915the id: 1679 and the character: ut 
the size: 3916the id: 1564 and the character: the r
the size: 3917the id: 800 and the character: ul
the size: 3918the id: 3709 and the character: e was 
the size: 3919the id: 3776 and the character: not 
the size: 3920the id: 3860 and the character: stric
the size: 3921the id: 3685 and the character: tly
the size: 3922the id: 1988 and the character:  k
the size: 3923the id: 2379 and the character: ept
the size: 3924the id: 1123 and the character: , b
the size: 3925the id: 710 and the character: ec
the size: 3926the id: 3390 and the character: au
the size: 3927the id: 1246 and the character: se 
the size: 3928the id: 2172 and the character: there
the size: 3929the id: 3884 and the character:  wer
the size: 3930the id: 371 and the character: e v
the size: 3931the id: 796 and the character: ari
the size: 3932the id: 865 and the character: ous 
the size: 3933the id: 1375 and the character: thing
the size: 3934the id: 2965 and the character: s, s
the size: 3935the id: 3806 and the character: uch
the size: 3936the id: 3665 and the character:  as 
the size: 3937the id: 2149 and the character: sho
the size: 3938the id: 488 and the character: el
the size: 3939the id: 2304 and the character: aces
the size: 3940the id: 1329 and the character:  and 
the size: 3941the id: 1254 and the character: raz
the size: 3942the id: 1256 and the character: or b
the size: 3943the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 3944the id: 2201 and the character: des
the size: 3945the id: 2754 and the character: , whi
the size: 3946the id: 838 and the character: ch 
the size: 3947the id: 3060 and the character: it was
the size: 3948the id: 279 and the character:  i
the size: 3949the id: 574 and the character: mp
the size: 3950the id: 2517 and the character: oss
the size: 3951the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 3952the id: 3632 and the character: ble to
the size: 3953the id: 398 and the character:  g
the size: 3954the id: 3041 and the character: et 
the size: 3955the id: 3609 and the character: hold
the size: 3956the id: 1132 and the character:  of 
the size: 3957the id: 3522 and the character: in a
the size: 3958the id: 1838 and the character: ny 
the size: 3959the id: 2645 and the character: other
the size: 3960the id: 783 and the character:  wa
the size: 3961the id: 1211 and the character: y. 
the size: 3962the id: 3038 and the character: He 
the size: 3963the id: 986 and the character: had 
the size: 3964the id: 2251 and the character: gi
the size: 3965the id: 769 and the character: ven 
the size: 3966the id: 263 and the character: a 
the size: 3967the id: 429 and the character: qui
the size: 3968the id: 627 and the character: ck 
the size: 3969the id: 399 and the character: gl
the size: 3970the id: 2657 and the character: anc
the size: 3971the id: 799 and the character: e u
the size: 3972the id: 2101 and the character: p 
the size: 3973the id: 1584 and the character: and d
the size: 3974the id: 1411 and the character: own 
the size: 3975the id: 2984 and the character: the st
the size: 3976the id: 1313 and the character: reet
the size: 3977the id: 3347 and the character:  and the
the size: 3978the id: 2159 and the character: n h
the size: 3979the id: 2323 and the character: ad s
the size: 3980the id: 380 and the character: li
the size: 3981the id: 1510 and the character: ppe
the size: 3982the id: 3669 and the character: d in
the size: 3983the id: 3637 and the character: side 
the size: 3984the id: 702 and the character: and 
the size: 3985the id: 1678 and the character: bou
the size: 3986the id: 729 and the character: ght
the size: 3987the id: 3726 and the character:  the bo
the size: 3988the id: 3168 and the character: ok 
the size: 3989the id: 2829 and the character: for 
the size: 3990the id: 1561 and the character: tw
the size: 3991the id: 346 and the character: o 
the size: 3992the id: 403 and the character: do
the size: 3993the id: 564 and the character: ll
the size: 3994the id: 3791 and the character: ars 
the size: 3995the id: 614 and the character: fi
the size: 3996the id: 676 and the character: ft
the size: 3997the id: 1211 and the character: y. 
the size: 3998the id: 515 and the character: At
the size: 3999the id: 1996 and the character:  the t
the size: 4000the id: 688 and the character: ime
the size: 4001the id: 3466 and the character:  he 
the size: 4002the id: 3127 and the character: was no
the size: 4003the id: 270 and the character: t c
the size: 4004the id: 420 and the character: ons
the size: 4005the id: 3295 and the character: ci
the size: 4006the id: 2116 and the character: ous o
the size: 4007the id: 2045 and the character: f w
the size: 4008the id: 1574 and the character: ant
the size: 4009the id: 3305 and the character: ing it
the size: 4010the id: 3245 and the character:  for a
the size: 4011the id: 1838 and the character: ny 
the size: 4012the id: 3684 and the character: part
the size: 4013the id: 387 and the character: ic
the size: 4014the id: 800 and the character: ul
the size: 4015the id: 2653 and the character: ar 
the size: 4016the id: 2114 and the character: pu
the size: 4017the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 4018the id: 3887 and the character: pose
the size: 4019the id: 3812 and the character: . He h
the size: 4020the id: 2310 and the character: ad 
the size: 4021the id: 2222 and the character: car
the size: 4022the id: 2382 and the character: rie
the size: 4023the id: 2793 and the character: d it
the size: 4024the id: 1876 and the character:  gu
the size: 4025the id: 373 and the character: il
the size: 4026the id: 1086 and the character: til
the size: 4027the id: 2194 and the character: y h
the size: 4028the id: 988 and the character: ome
the size: 4029the id: 747 and the character:  in 
the size: 4030the id: 1178 and the character: his b
the size: 4031the id: 2382 and the character: rie
the size: 4032the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 4033the id: 366 and the character: ca
the size: 4034the id: 706 and the character: se
the size: 4035the id: 2982 and the character: . Ev
the size: 4036the id: 2247 and the character: en w
the size: 4037the id: 2762 and the character: ith n
the size: 4038the id: 1496 and the character: oth
the size: 4039the id: 1832 and the character: ing w
the size: 4040the id: 452 and the character: rit
the size: 4041the id: 1847 and the character: ten
the size: 4042the id: 2886 and the character:  in i
the size: 4043the id: 3398 and the character: t,
the size: 4044the id: 2513 and the character:  it 
the size: 4045the id: 2457 and the character: was a
the size: 4046the id: 1416 and the character:  com
the size: 4047the id: 2118 and the character: pro
the size: 4048the id: 327 and the character: mi
the size: 4049the id: 418 and the character: si
the size: 4050the id: 470 and the character: ng 
the size: 4051the id: 3875 and the character: posse
the size: 4052the id: 1878 and the character: ss
the size: 4053the id: 1000 and the character: ion
the size: 4054the id: 2414 and the character: .

T
the size: 4055the id: 3072 and the character: he t
the size: 4056the id: 2367 and the character: hing
the size: 4057the id: 3728 and the character:  that
the size: 4058the id: 4002 and the character:  he w
the size: 4059the id: 3631 and the character: as ab
the size: 4060the id: 910 and the character: out 
the size: 4061the id: 992 and the character: to d
the size: 4062the id: 1818 and the character: o w
the size: 4063the id: 784 and the character: as t
the size: 4064the id: 3569 and the character: o o
the size: 4065the id: 2946 and the character: pen
the size: 4066the id: 3257 and the character:  a d
the size: 4067the id: 1438 and the character: ia
the size: 4068the id: 413 and the character: ry
the size: 4069the id: 2066 and the character: . Thi
the size: 4070the id: 2085 and the character: s wa
the size: 4071the id: 667 and the character: s n
the size: 4072the id: 1630 and the character: ot 
the size: 4073the id: 1670 and the character: ill
the size: 4074the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 4075the id: 2236 and the character: ga
the size: 4076the id: 448 and the character: l 
the size: 4077the id: 40 and the character: (
the size: 4078the id: 2366 and the character: noth
the size: 4079the id: 1832 and the character: ing w
the size: 4080the id: 719 and the character: as 
the size: 4081the id: 4074 and the character: ille
the size: 4082the id: 4076 and the character: gal
the size: 4083the id: 378 and the character: , s
the size: 4084the id: 2120 and the character: ince
the size: 4085the id: 2639 and the character:  ther
the size: 4086the id: 2881 and the character: e wer
the size: 4087the id: 1817 and the character: e no
the size: 4088the id: 3663 and the character:  lo
the size: 4089the id: 466 and the character: ng
the size: 4090the id: 803 and the character: er 
the size: 4091the id: 1868 and the character: any 
the size: 4092the id: 400 and the character: la
the size: 4093the id: 2431 and the character: ws
the size: 4094the id: 3914 and the character: ),
the size: 4095the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 256the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 257the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 258the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 259the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 260the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 261the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 262the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 263the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 264the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 265the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 266the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 267the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 268the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 269the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 270the id: 260 and the character:  i
the size: 271the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 272the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 273the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 274the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 275the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 276the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 277the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 278the id: 274 and the character: as
the size: 279the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 280the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 281the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 282the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 283the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 284the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 285the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 286the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 287the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 288the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 289the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 290the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 291the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 292the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 293the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 294the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 295the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 296the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 297the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 298the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 299the id: 272 and the character: t w
the size: 300the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 301the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 302the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 303the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 304the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 305the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 306the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 307the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 308the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 309the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 310the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 311the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 312the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 313the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 314the id: 304 and the character: d b
the size: 315the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 316the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 317the id: 297 and the character: at
the size: 318the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 319the id: 44 and the character: ,
the size: 320the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 321the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 322the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 323the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 324the id: 297 and the character: at
the size: 325the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 326the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 327the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 328the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 329the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 330the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 331the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 332the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 333the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 334the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 335the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 336the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 337the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 338the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 339the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 340the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 341the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 342the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 343the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 344the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 345the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 346the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 347the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 348the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 349the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 350the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 351the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 352the id: 287 and the character: ce
the size: 353the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 354the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 355the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 356the id: 282 and the character: ab
the size: 357the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 358the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 359the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 360the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 361the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 362the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 363the id: 46 and the character: .
the size: 364the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 365the id: 87 and the character: W
the size: 366the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 367the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 368the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 369the id: 350 and the character:  f
the size: 370the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 371the id: 269 and the character: ted
the size: 372the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 373the id: 310 and the character: ni
the size: 374the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 375the id: 260 and the character:  i
the size: 376the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 377the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 378the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 379the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 380the id: 307 and the character:  p
the size: 381the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 382the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 383the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 384the id: 303 and the character: ld
the size: 385the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 386the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 387the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 388the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 389the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 390the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 391the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 392the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 393the id: 314 and the character: ed
the size: 394the id: 271 and the character:  it
the size: 395the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 396the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 397the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 398the id: 265 and the character: et
the size: 399the id: 379 and the character:  th
the size: 400the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 401the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 402the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 403the id: 274 and the character: as
the size: 404the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 405the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 406the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 407the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 408the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 409the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 410the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 411the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 412the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 413the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 414the id: 273 and the character: wa
the size: 415the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 416the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 417the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 418the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 419the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 420the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 421the id: 296 and the character: ha
the size: 422the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 423the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 424the id: 376 and the character:  in
the size: 425the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 426the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 427the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 428the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 429the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 430the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 431the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 432the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 433the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 434the id: 303 and the character: ld
the size: 435the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 436the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 437the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 438the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 439the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 440the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 441the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 442the id: 342 and the character: ve
the size: 443the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 444the id: 351 and the character: fo
the size: 445the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 446the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 447the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 448the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 449the id: 281 and the character: na
the size: 450the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 451the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 452the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 453the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 454the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 455the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 456the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 457the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 458the id: 296 and the character: ha
the size: 459the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 460the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 461the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 462the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 463the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 464the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 465the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 466the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 467the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 468the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 469the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 470the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 471the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 472the id: 341 and the character: iv
the size: 473the id: 434 and the character: el
the size: 474the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 475the id: 456 and the character: and
the size: 476the id: 414 and the character:  w
the size: 477the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 478the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 479the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 480the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 481the id: 436 and the character: om
the size: 482the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 483the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 484the id: 261 and the character: if
the size: 485the id: 340 and the character: fi
the size: 486the id: 464 and the character: cu
the size: 487the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 488the id: 337 and the character: ty
the size: 489the id: 432 and the character: , s
the size: 490the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 491the id: 362 and the character: mp
the size: 492the id: 284 and the character: ly
the size: 493the id: 256 and the character:  b
the size: 494the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 495the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 496the id: 439 and the character: us
the size: 497the id: 405 and the character: e o
the size: 498the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 499the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 500the id: 350 and the character:  f
the size: 501the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 502the id: 434 and the character: el
the size: 503the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 504the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 505the id: 379 and the character:  th
the size: 506the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 507the id: 295 and the character: th
the size: 508the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 509the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 510the id: 496 and the character: au
the size: 511the id: 472 and the character: ti
the size: 512the id: 470 and the character: fu
the size: 513the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 514the id: 286 and the character:  c
the size: 515the id: 403 and the character: rea
the size: 516the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 517the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 518the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 519the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 520the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 521the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 522the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 523the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 524the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 525the id: 342 and the character: ve
the size: 526the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 527the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 528the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 529the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 530the id: 414 and the character:  w
the size: 531the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 532the id: 371 and the character: itt
the size: 533the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 534the id: 369 and the character: on 
the size: 535the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 536the id: 478 and the character: ith
the size: 537the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 538the id: 403 and the character: rea
the size: 539the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 540the id: 374 and the character: nib
the size: 541the id: 425 and the character:  ins
the size: 542the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 543the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 544the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 545the id: 406 and the character: of
the size: 546the id: 494 and the character:  be
the size: 547the id: 504 and the character: ing
the size: 548the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 549the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 550the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 551the id: 297 and the character: at
the size: 552the id: 421 and the character: ch
the size: 553the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 554the id: 536 and the character: wi
the size: 555the id: 295 and the character: th
the size: 556the id: 387 and the character:  an
the size: 557the id: 376 and the character:  in
the size: 558the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 559the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 560the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 561the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 562the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 563the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 564the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 565the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 566the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 567the id: 268 and the character: ct
the size: 568the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 569the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 570the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 571the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 572the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 573the id: 415 and the character: was
the size: 574the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 575the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 576the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 577the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 578the id: 497 and the character: use
the size: 579the id: 527 and the character: d t
the size: 580the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 581the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 582the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 583the id: 472 and the character: ti
the size: 584the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 585the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 586the id: 331 and the character: by
the size: 587the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 588the id: 296 and the character: ha
the size: 589the id: 388 and the character: nd
the size: 590the id: 566 and the character: . A
the size: 591the id: 519 and the character: pa
the size: 592the id: 289 and the character: rt
the size: 593the id: 350 and the character:  f
the size: 594the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 595the id: 437 and the character: m 
the size: 596the id: 342 and the character: ve
the size: 597the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 598the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 599the id: 312 and the character: sh
the size: 600the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 601the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 602the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 603the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 604the id: 454 and the character: s,
the size: 605the id: 395 and the character:  it 
the size: 606the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 607the id: 439 and the character: us
the size: 608the id: 569 and the character: ua
the size: 609the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 610the id: 528 and the character: to
the size: 611the id: 263 and the character:  d
the size: 612the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 613the id: 290 and the character: ta
the size: 614the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 615the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 616the id: 442 and the character: ev
the size: 617the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 618the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 619the id: 295 and the character: th
the size: 620the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 621the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 622the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 623the id: 508 and the character: the
the size: 624the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 625the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 626the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 627the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 628the id: 582 and the character: wr
the size: 629the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 630the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 631the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 632the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 633the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 634the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 635the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 636the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 637the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 638the id: 358 and the character: our
the size: 639the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 640the id: 260 and the character:  i
the size: 641the id: 362 and the character: mp
the size: 642the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 643the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 644the id: 447 and the character: si
the size: 645the id: 283 and the character: bl
the size: 646the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 647the id: 445 and the character: for
the size: 648the id: 588 and the character:  h
the size: 649the id: 311 and the character: is
the size: 650the id: 307 and the character:  p
the size: 651the id: 453 and the character: res
the size: 652the id: 430 and the character: ent
the size: 653the id: 307 and the character:  p
the size: 654the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 655the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 656the id: 643 and the character: os
the size: 657the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 658the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 659the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 660the id: 483 and the character: e d
the size: 661the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 662the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 663the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 664the id: 527 and the character: d t
the size: 665the id: 411 and the character: he p
the size: 666the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 667the id: 622 and the character: int
the size: 668the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 669the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 670the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 671the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 672the id: 387 and the character:  an
the size: 673the id: 665 and the character: d th
the size: 674the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 675the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 676the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 677the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 678the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 679the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 680the id: 648 and the character: for 
the size: 681the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 682the id: 439 and the character: us
the size: 683the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 684the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 685the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 686the id: 638 and the character: co
the size: 687the id: 590 and the character: nd.
the size: 688the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 689the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 690the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 691the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 692the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 693the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 694the id: 588 and the character:  h
the size: 695the id: 544 and the character: ad
the size: 696the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 697the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 698the id: 467 and the character: one
the size: 699the id: 379 and the character:  th
the size: 700the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 701the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 702the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 703the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 704the id: 633 and the character: hi
the size: 705the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 706the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 707the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 708the id: 334 and the character: we
the size: 709the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 710the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 711the id: 409 and the character: . T
the size: 712the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 713the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 714the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 715the id: 672 and the character: k 
the size: 716the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 717the id: 519 and the character: pa
the size: 718the id: 521 and the character: per
the size: 719the id: 414 and the character:  w
the size: 720the id: 274 and the character: as
the size: 721the id: 400 and the character:  the
the size: 722the id: 263 and the character:  d
the size: 723the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 724the id: 311 and the character: is
the size: 725the id: 473 and the character: ive
the size: 726the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 727the id: 268 and the character: ct
the size: 728the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 729the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 730the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 731the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 732the id: 714 and the character: ma
the size: 733the id: 571 and the character: ll
the size: 734the id: 286 and the character:  c
the size: 735the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 736the id: 428 and the character: um
the size: 737the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 738the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 739the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 740the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 741the id: 678 and the character: ter
the size: 742the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 743the id: 573 and the character: he w
the size: 744the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 745the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 746the id: 58 and the character: :
the size: 747the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 748the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 749the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 750the id: 461 and the character: pr
the size: 751the id: 564 and the character: il
the size: 752the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 753the id: 52 and the character: 4
the size: 754the id: 295 and the character: th
the size: 755the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 756the id: 49 and the character: 1
the size: 757the id: 57 and the character: 9
the size: 758the id: 56 and the character: 8
the size: 759the id: 52 and the character: 4
the size: 760the id: 46 and the character: .
the size: 761the id: 748 and the character: 


the size: 762the id: 660 and the character: He
the size: 763the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 764the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 765the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 766the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 767the id: 392 and the character: ck
the size: 768the id: 566 and the character: . A
the size: 769the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 770the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 771the id: 640 and the character: se 
the size: 772the id: 637 and the character: of c
the size: 773the id: 436 and the character: om
the size: 774the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 775the id: 740 and the character: let
the size: 776the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 777the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 778the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 779the id: 775 and the character: pl
the size: 780the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 781the id: 644 and the character: ss
the size: 782the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 783the id: 781 and the character: es
the size: 784the id: 743 and the character: s h
the size: 785the id: 696 and the character: ad 
the size: 786the id: 523 and the character: des
the size: 787the id: 287 and the character: ce
the size: 788the id: 388 and the character: nd
the size: 789the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 790the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 791the id: 656 and the character: po
the size: 792the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 793the id: 633 and the character: hi
the size: 794the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 795the id: 712 and the character: . To
the size: 796the id: 494 and the character:  be
the size: 797the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 798the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 799the id: 555 and the character: wit
the size: 800the id: 319 and the character: h,
the size: 801the id: 588 and the character:  h
the size: 802the id: 661 and the character: e di
the size: 803the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 804the id: 603 and the character: not
the size: 805the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 806the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 807the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 808the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 809the id: 477 and the character:  wi
the size: 810the id: 556 and the character: th 
the size: 811the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 812the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 813the id: 287 and the character: ce
the size: 814the id: 289 and the character: rt
the size: 815the id: 291 and the character: ai
the size: 816the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 817the id: 332 and the character: y t
the size: 818the id: 296 and the character: ha
the size: 819the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 820the id: 620 and the character: thi
the size: 821the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 822the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 823the id: 757 and the character: 19
the size: 824the id: 759 and the character: 84
the size: 825the id: 729 and the character: . I
the size: 826the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 827the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 828the id: 683 and the character: ust
the size: 829the id: 494 and the character:  be
the size: 830the id: 276 and the character:  r
the size: 831the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 832the id: 388 and the character: nd
the size: 833the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 834the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 835the id: 258 and the character: ut
the size: 836the id: 506 and the character:  tha
the size: 837the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 838the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 839the id: 297 and the character: at
the size: 840the id: 468 and the character: e,
the size: 841the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 842the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 843the id: 287 and the character: ce
the size: 844the id: 802 and the character:  he
the size: 845the id: 720 and the character:  wa
the size: 846the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 847the id: 676 and the character: fa
the size: 848the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 849the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 850the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 851the id: 390 and the character: su
the size: 852the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 853the id: 837 and the character:  that
the size: 854the id: 649 and the character:  hi
the size: 855the id: 416 and the character: s a
the size: 856the id: 398 and the character: ge
the size: 857the id: 846 and the character:  was
the size: 858the id: 379 and the character:  th
the size: 859the id: 849 and the character: ir
the size: 860the id: 337 and the character: ty
the size: 861the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 862the id: 310 and the character: ni
the size: 863the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 864the id: 455 and the character: , a
the size: 865the id: 833 and the character: nd 
the size: 866the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 867the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 868the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 869the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 870the id: 617 and the character: eve
the size: 871the id: 665 and the character: d th
the size: 872the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 873the id: 458 and the character: he h
the size: 874the id: 696 and the character: ad 
the size: 875the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 876the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 877the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 878the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 879the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 880the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 881the id: 757 and the character: 19
the size: 882the id: 52 and the character: 4
the size: 883the id: 52 and the character: 4
the size: 884the id: 321 and the character:  o
the size: 885the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 886the id: 882 and the character: 194
the size: 887the id: 53 and the character: 5
the size: 888the id: 59 and the character: ;
the size: 889the id: 256 and the character:  b
the size: 890the id: 836 and the character: ut 
the size: 891the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 892the id: 858 and the character:  was 
the size: 893the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 894the id: 597 and the character: ver
the size: 895the id: 307 and the character:  p
the size: 896the id: 643 and the character: os
the size: 897the id: 645 and the character: sib
the size: 898the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 899the id: 575 and the character:  n
the size: 900the id: 708 and the character: ow
the size: 901the id: 544 and the character: ad
the size: 902the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 903the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 904the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 905the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 906the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 907the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 908the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 909the id: 708 and the character: ow
the size: 910the id: 418 and the character: n a
the size: 911the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 912the id: 316 and the character: y d
the size: 913the id: 840 and the character: ate
the size: 914the id: 810 and the character:  wit
the size: 915the id: 633 and the character: hi
the size: 916the id: 418 and the character: n a
the size: 917the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 918the id: 344 and the character: ye
the size: 919the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 920the id: 885 and the character:  or
the size: 921the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 922the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 923the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 924the id: 761 and the character: .

the size: 925the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 926the id: 70 and the character: F
the size: 927the id: 694 and the character: or 
the size: 928the id: 632 and the character: wh
the size: 929the id: 436 and the character: om
the size: 930the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 931the id: 892 and the character: it 
the size: 932the id: 390 and the character: su
the size: 933the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 934the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 935the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 936the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 937the id: 463 and the character: oc
the size: 938the id: 464 and the character: cu
the size: 939the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 940the id: 679 and the character: red
the size: 941the id: 396 and the character:  to
the size: 942the id: 649 and the character:  hi
the size: 943the id: 437 and the character: m 
the size: 944the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 945the id: 923 and the character: wo
the size: 946the id: 789 and the character: nde
the size: 947the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 948the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 949the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 950the id: 744 and the character: he wr
the size: 951the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 952the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 953the id: 821 and the character: this
the size: 954the id: 612 and the character:  di
the size: 955the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 956the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 957the id: 63 and the character: ?
the size: 958the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 959the id: 927 and the character: Fo
the size: 960the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 961the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 962the id: 470 and the character: fu
the size: 963the id: 451 and the character: tu
the size: 964the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 965the id: 469 and the character: , f
the size: 966the id: 694 and the character: or 
the size: 967the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 968the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 969the id: 878 and the character: bor
the size: 970the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 971the id: 659 and the character: . H
the size: 972the id: 650 and the character: is 
the size: 973the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 974the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 975the id: 457 and the character: d h
the size: 976the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 977the id: 597 and the character: ver
the size: 978the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 979the id: 648 and the character: for 
the size: 980the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 981the id: 693 and the character: mo
the size: 982the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 983the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 984the id: 831 and the character:  ro
the size: 985the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 986the id: 674 and the character: d the
the size: 987the id: 263 and the character:  d
the size: 988the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 989the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 990the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 991the id: 513 and the character: ful
the size: 992the id: 263 and the character:  d
the size: 993the id: 914 and the character: ate 
the size: 994the id: 369 and the character: on 
the size: 995the id: 717 and the character: the p
the size: 996the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 997the id: 398 and the character: ge
the size: 998the id: 865 and the character: , an
the size: 999the id: 674 and the character: d the
the size: 1000the id: 444 and the character: n f
the size: 1001the id: 265 and the character: et
the size: 1002the id: 553 and the character: che
the size: 1003the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 1004the id: 791 and the character: up
the size: 1005the id: 915 and the character:  with
the size: 1006the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 1007the id: 257 and the character: bu
the size: 1008the id: 362 and the character: mp
the size: 1009the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 1010the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1011the id: 816 and the character: ain
the size: 1012the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 1013the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 1014the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 1015the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1016the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 1017the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1018the id: 626 and the character: pea
the size: 1019the id: 672 and the character: k 
the size: 1020the id: 923 and the character: wo
the size: 1021the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1022the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 1023the id: 909 and the character: do
the size: 1024the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1025the id: 646 and the character: ble
the size: 1026the id: 620 and the character: thi
the size: 1027the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1028the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1029the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 1030the id: 960 and the character: For
the size: 1031the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 1032the id: 340 and the character: fi
the size: 1033the id: 346 and the character: rs
the size: 1034the id: 820 and the character: t t
the size: 1035the id: 491 and the character: im
the size: 1036the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 1037the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 1038the id: 714 and the character: ma
the size: 1039the id: 449 and the character: gn
the size: 1040the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 1041the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1042the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 1043the id: 321 and the character:  o
the size: 1044the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 1045the id: 632 and the character: wh
the size: 1046the id: 873 and the character: at h
the size: 1047the id: 777 and the character: e h
the size: 1048the id: 696 and the character: ad 
the size: 1049the id: 986 and the character: und
the size: 1050the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 1051the id: 290 and the character: ta
the size: 1052the id: 393 and the character: ke
the size: 1053the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 1054the id: 360 and the character: ca
the size: 1055the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 1056the id: 588 and the character:  h
the size: 1057the id: 482 and the character: ome
the size: 1058the id: 942 and the character:  to 
the size: 1059the id: 794 and the character: him
the size: 1060the id: 659 and the character: . H
the size: 1061the id: 708 and the character: ow
the size: 1062the id: 286 and the character:  c
the size: 1063the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 1064the id: 303 and the character: ld
the size: 1065the id: 918 and the character:  y
the size: 1066the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 1067the id: 1063 and the character:  co
the size: 1068the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1069the id: 828 and the character: mu
the size: 1070the id: 310 and the character: ni
the size: 1071the id: 360 and the character: ca
the size: 1072the id: 615 and the character: te 
the size: 1073the id: 800 and the character: with
the size: 1074the id: 1032 and the character:  the f
the size: 1075the id: 258 and the character: ut
the size: 1076the id: 465 and the character: ure
the size: 1077the id: 958 and the character: ? 
the size: 1078the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 1079the id: 272 and the character: t w
the size: 1080the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 1081the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 1082the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 1083the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 1084the id: 450 and the character: nat
the size: 1085the id: 465 and the character: ure
the size: 1086the id: 641 and the character:  im
the size: 1087the id: 656 and the character: po
the size: 1088the id: 644 and the character: ss
the size: 1089the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1090the id: 646 and the character: ble
the size: 1091the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 1092the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 1093the id: 478 and the character: ith
the size: 1094the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 1095the id: 962 and the character: the f
the size: 1096the id: 1076 and the character: utu
the size: 1097the id: 853 and the character: re 
the size: 1098the id: 923 and the character: wo
the size: 1099the id: 302 and the character: ul
the size: 1100the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 1101the id: 652 and the character: rese
the size: 1102the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1103the id: 646 and the character: ble
the size: 1104the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 1105the id: 461 and the character: pr
the size: 1106the id: 781 and the character: es
the size: 1107the id: 430 and the character: ent
the size: 1108the id: 931 and the character: , i
the size: 1109the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 1110the id: 632 and the character: wh
the size: 1111the id: 634 and the character: ich
the size: 1112the id: 286 and the character:  c
the size: 1113the id: 404 and the character: ase
the size: 1114the id: 606 and the character:  it w
the size: 1115the id: 1064 and the character: oul
the size: 1116the id: 804 and the character: d n
the size: 1117the id: 577 and the character: ot
the size: 1118the id: 326 and the character:  l
the size: 1119the id: 311 and the character: is
the size: 1120the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 1121the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 1122the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 1123the id: 794 and the character: him
the size: 1124the id: 58 and the character: :
the size: 1125the id: 921 and the character:  or 
the size: 1126the id: 892 and the character: it 
the size: 1127the id: 1099 and the character: wou
the size: 1128the id: 1065 and the character: ld 
the size: 1129the id: 530 and the character: be 
the size: 1130the id: 484 and the character: di
the size: 1131the id: 407 and the character: ff
the size: 1132the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 1133the id: 653 and the character: ent 
the size: 1134the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1135the id: 595 and the character: rom
the size: 1136the id: 271 and the character:  it
the size: 1137the id: 999 and the character: , and
the size: 1138the id: 855 and the character:  his
the size: 1139the id: 651 and the character:  pr
the size: 1140the id: 314 and the character: ed
the size: 1141the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 1142the id: 361 and the character: am
the size: 1143the id: 653 and the character: ent 
the size: 1144the id: 1128 and the character: woul
the size: 1145the id: 304 and the character: d b
the size: 1146the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 1147the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 1148the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 1149the id: 504 and the character: ing
the size: 1150the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 1151the id: 644 and the character: ss
the size: 1152the id: 925 and the character: .


the size: 1153the id: 1031 and the character: For 
the size: 1154the id: 481 and the character: so
the size: 1155the id: 1056 and the character: me 
the size: 1156the id: 472 and the character: ti
the size: 1157the id: 1056 and the character: me 
the size: 1158the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 1159the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1160the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 1161the id: 1011 and the character: ga
the size: 1162the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 1163the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1164the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 1165the id: 791 and the character: up
the size: 1166the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1167the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1168the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 1169the id: 507 and the character: at t
the size: 1170the id: 411 and the character: he p
the size: 1171the id: 520 and the character: ap
the size: 1172the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 1173the id: 409 and the character: . T
the size: 1174the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 1175the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 1176the id: 1151 and the character: les
the size: 1177the id: 550 and the character: cr
the size: 1178the id: 502 and the character: ee
the size: 1179the id: 793 and the character: n h
the size: 1180the id: 696 and the character: ad 
the size: 1181the id: 421 and the character: ch
the size: 1182the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 1183the id: 398 and the character: ge
the size: 1184the id: 545 and the character: d o
the size: 1185the id: 895 and the character: ver 
the size: 1186the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 1187the id: 426 and the character: str
the size: 1188the id: 1167 and the character: id
the size: 1189the id: 653 and the character: ent 
the size: 1190the id: 974 and the character: mi
the size: 1191the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 1192the id: 290 and the character: ta
the size: 1193the id: 598 and the character: ry
the size: 1194the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1195the id: 828 and the character: mu
the size: 1196the id: 447 and the character: si
the size: 1197the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 1198the id: 826 and the character: . It
the size: 1199the id: 858 and the character:  was 
the size: 1200the id: 939 and the character: cur
the size: 1201the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1202the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 1203the id: 905 and the character: s t
the size: 1204the id: 819 and the character: hat
the size: 1205the id: 845 and the character:  he 
the size: 1206the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 1207the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1208the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 1209the id: 1117 and the character: d no
the size: 1210the id: 827 and the character: t m
the size: 1211the id: 1133 and the character: ere
the size: 1212the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 1213the id: 1123 and the character: to h
the size: 1214the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 1215the id: 342 and the character: ve
the size: 1216the id: 326 and the character:  l
the size: 1217the id: 643 and the character: os
the size: 1218the id: 820 and the character: t t
the size: 1219the id: 411 and the character: he p
the size: 1220the id: 708 and the character: ow
the size: 1221the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 1222the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 1223the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1224the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 1225the id: 1106 and the character: pre
the size: 1226the id: 1089 and the character: ssi
the size: 1227the id: 585 and the character: ng
the size: 1228the id: 943 and the character:  him
the size: 1229the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 1230the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1231the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1232the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 1233the id: 257 and the character: bu
the size: 1234the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 1235the id: 617 and the character: eve
the size: 1236the id: 1122 and the character: n t
the size: 1237the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 1238the id: 296 and the character: ha
the size: 1239the id: 1216 and the character: ve 
the size: 1240the id: 445 and the character: for
the size: 1241the id: 698 and the character: go
the size: 1242the id: 741 and the character: tt
the size: 1243the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 1244the id: 1046 and the character: wha
the size: 1245the id: 298 and the character: t i
the size: 1246the id: 1080 and the character: t wa
the size: 1247the id: 1204 and the character: s th
the size: 1248the id: 1047 and the character: at he
the size: 1249the id: 695 and the character:  ha
the size: 1250the id: 545 and the character: d o
the size: 1251the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 1252the id: 798 and the character: gi
the size: 1253the id: 281 and the character: na
the size: 1254the id: 571 and the character: ll
the size: 1255the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 1256the id: 622 and the character: int
the size: 1257the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 1258the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 1259the id: 580 and the character: d to
the size: 1260the id: 764 and the character:  sa
the size: 1261the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 1262the id: 1030 and the character: . F
the size: 1263the id: 928 and the character: or w
the size: 1264the id: 502 and the character: ee
the size: 1265the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1266the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 1267the id: 519 and the character: pa
the size: 1268the id: 1013 and the character: st 
the size: 1269the id: 874 and the character: he ha
the size: 1270the id: 1146 and the character: d be
the size: 1271the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 1272the id: 714 and the character: ma
the size: 1273the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1274the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1275the id: 403 and the character: rea
the size: 1276the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1277the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 1278the id: 648 and the character: for 
the size: 1279the id: 954 and the character: this 
the size: 1280the id: 982 and the character: mom
the size: 1281the id: 1108 and the character: ent,
the size: 1282the id: 673 and the character:  and
the size: 1283the id: 395 and the character:  it 
the size: 1284the id: 459 and the character: had
the size: 1285the id: 575 and the character:  n
the size: 1286the id: 617 and the character: eve
the size: 1287the id: 359 and the character: r c
the size: 1288the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 1289the id: 644 and the character: ss
the size: 1290the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 1291the id: 705 and the character: his
the size: 1292the id: 1195 and the character:  m
the size: 1293the id: 975 and the character: ind
the size: 1294the id: 854 and the character:  that 
the size: 1295the id: 812 and the character: any
the size: 1296the id: 1027 and the character: thin
the size: 1297the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 1298the id: 1145 and the character: would
the size: 1299the id: 830 and the character:  be 
the size: 1300the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 1301the id: 314 and the character: ed
the size: 1302the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 1303the id: 1224 and the character: ex
the size: 1304the id: 287 and the character: ce
the size: 1305the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 1306the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 1307the id: 638 and the character: co
the size: 1308the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 1309the id: 997 and the character: ag
the size: 1310the id: 658 and the character: e.
the size: 1311the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1312the id: 410 and the character: Th
the size: 1313the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 1314the id: 767 and the character: ac
the size: 1315the id: 451 and the character: tu
the size: 1316the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 1317the id: 531 and the character:  wr
the size: 1318the id: 952 and the character: iti
the size: 1319the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 1320the id: 1299 and the character: would 
the size: 1321the id: 530 and the character: be 
the size: 1322the id: 328 and the character: eas
the size: 1323the id: 1262 and the character: y.
the size: 1324the id: 689 and the character:  A
the size: 1325the id: 734 and the character: ll 
the size: 1326the id: 1270 and the character: he had
the size: 1327the id: 942 and the character:  to 
the size: 1328the id: 909 and the character: do
the size: 1329the id: 858 and the character:  was 
the size: 1330the id: 623 and the character: to t
the size: 1331the id: 551 and the character: ra
the size: 1332the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1333the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1334the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1335the id: 1095 and the character: er t
the size: 1336the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 1337the id: 718 and the character: pap
the size: 1338the id: 1095 and the character: er t
the size: 1339the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 1340the id: 1257 and the character: inte
the size: 1341the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1342the id: 974 and the character: mi
the size: 1343the id: 281 and the character: na
the size: 1344the id: 1104 and the character: ble 
the size: 1345the id: 453 and the character: res
the size: 1346the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 1347the id: 1151 and the character: les
the size: 1348the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 1349the id: 693 and the character: mo
the size: 1350the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 1351the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1352the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1353the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1354the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1355the id: 1037 and the character: e t
the size: 1356the id: 1205 and the character: hat 
the size: 1357the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 1358the id: 876 and the character: bee
the size: 1359the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 1360the id: 427 and the character: ru
the size: 1361the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1362the id: 863 and the character: nin
the size: 1363the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 1364the id: 367 and the character: ins
the size: 1365the id: 1189 and the character: ide
the size: 1366the id: 1139 and the character:  his 
the size: 1367the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 1368the id: 544 and the character: ad
the size: 1369the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 1370the id: 1192 and the character: lit
the size: 1371the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 1372the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 1373the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 1374the id: 648 and the character: for 
the size: 1375the id: 919 and the character: yea
the size: 1376the id: 346 and the character: rs
the size: 1377the id: 566 and the character: . A
the size: 1378the id: 1219 and the character: t th
the size: 1379the id: 973 and the character: is m
the size: 1380the id: 482 and the character: ome
the size: 1381the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 1382the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 1383the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 1384the id: 334 and the character: we
the size: 1385the id: 597 and the character: ver
the size: 1386the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 1387the id: 1236 and the character: even
the size: 1388the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 1389the id: 1350 and the character: mon
the size: 1390the id: 384 and the character: ol
the size: 1391the id: 1353 and the character: og
the size: 1392the id: 1355 and the character: ue
the size: 1393the id: 1250 and the character:  had
the size: 1394the id: 263 and the character:  d
the size: 1395the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 1396the id: 790 and the character: ed u
the size: 1397the id: 363 and the character: p.
the size: 1398the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1399the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 1400the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 1401the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1402the id: 977 and the character: ov
the size: 1403the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 1404the id: 1292 and the character: his 
the size: 1405the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 1406the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 1407the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 1408the id: 657 and the character: ose
the size: 1409the id: 438 and the character:  u
the size: 1410the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1411the id: 814 and the character: cer
the size: 1412the id: 1394 and the character:  had 
the size: 1413the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 1414the id: 1354 and the character: gu
the size: 1415the id: 880 and the character: n i
the size: 1416the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 1417the id: 421 and the character: ch
the size: 1418the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1419the id: 969 and the character: unb
the size: 1420the id: 345 and the character: ear
the size: 1421the id: 282 and the character: ab
the size: 1422the id: 284 and the character: ly
the size: 1423the id: 659 and the character: . H
the size: 1424the id: 483 and the character: e d
the size: 1425the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 1426the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 1427the id: 805 and the character: not 
the size: 1428the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1429the id: 550 and the character: cr
the size: 1430the id: 552 and the character: atc
the size: 1431the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 1432the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 1433the id: 1233 and the character: , b
the size: 1434the id: 495 and the character: eca
the size: 1435the id: 497 and the character: use
the size: 1436the id: 260 and the character:  i
the size: 1437the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 1438the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 1439the id: 484 and the character: di
the size: 1440the id: 389 and the character: d s
the size: 1441the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 1442the id: 892 and the character: it 
the size: 1443the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 1444the id: 273 and the character: wa
the size: 1445the id: 904 and the character: ys
the size: 1446the id: 494 and the character:  be
the size: 1447the id: 1055 and the character: cam
the size: 1448the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 1449the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 1450the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1451the id: 356 and the character: la
the size: 1452the id: 1209 and the character: med
the size: 1453the id: 1174 and the character: . Th
the size: 1454the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 1455the id: 686 and the character: sec
the size: 1456the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 1457the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1458the id: 822 and the character: s w
the size: 1459the id: 1133 and the character: ere
the size: 1460the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 1461the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 1462the id: 1274 and the character: ki
the size: 1463the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 1464the id: 331 and the character: by
the size: 1465the id: 1424 and the character: . He
the size: 1466the id: 1200 and the character:  was c
the size: 1467the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 1468the id: 1429 and the character: sc
the size: 1469the id: 1202 and the character: io
the size: 1470the id: 439 and the character: us
the size: 1471the id: 1044 and the character:  of
the size: 1472the id: 900 and the character:  no
the size: 1473the id: 1297 and the character: thing
the size: 1474the id: 616 and the character:  e
the size: 1475the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 1476the id: 1305 and the character: cep
the size: 1477the id: 1219 and the character: t th
the size: 1478the id: 509 and the character: e b
the size: 1479the id: 356 and the character: la
the size: 1480the id: 1028 and the character: nk
the size: 1481the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 1482the id: 644 and the character: ss
the size: 1483the id: 1472 and the character:  of 
the size: 1484the id: 996 and the character: the pa
the size: 1485the id: 857 and the character: ge 
the size: 1486the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 1487the id: 1135 and the character: fr
the size: 1488the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 1489the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 1490the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 1491the id: 794 and the character: him
the size: 1492the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 1493the id: 670 and the character: the i
the size: 1494the id: 1417 and the character: tc
the size: 1495the id: 916 and the character: hin
the size: 1496the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 1497the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 1498the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 1499the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1500the id: 1463 and the character: kin
the size: 1501the id: 834 and the character:  ab
the size: 1502the id: 1403 and the character: ove
the size: 1503the id: 1139 and the character:  his 
the size: 1504the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 1505the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1506the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 1507the id: 1493 and the character: , t
the size: 1508the id: 867 and the character: he b
the size: 1509the id: 356 and the character: la
the size: 1510the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 1511the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 1512the id: 1498 and the character: of t
the size: 1513the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 1514the id: 1196 and the character: mus
the size: 1515the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 1516the id: 1138 and the character: , and 
the size: 1517the id: 685 and the character: a s
the size: 1518the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 1519the id: 703 and the character: gh
the size: 1520the id: 330 and the character: t b
the size: 1521the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1522the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1523the id: 1163 and the character: zi
the size: 1524the id: 1482 and the character: nes
the size: 1525the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 1526the id: 360 and the character: ca
the size: 1527the id: 579 and the character: used
the size: 1528the id: 256 and the character:  b
the size: 1529the id: 818 and the character: y th
the size: 1530the id: 401 and the character: e g
the size: 1531the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 1532the id: 925 and the character: .


the size: 1533the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 1534the id: 1042 and the character: ud
the size: 1535the id: 935 and the character: den
the size: 1536the id: 572 and the character: ly h
the size: 1537the id: 509 and the character: e b
the size: 1538the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1539the id: 1011 and the character: ga
the size: 1540the id: 1110 and the character: n w
the size: 1541the id: 583 and the character: rit
the size: 1542the id: 621 and the character: ing i
the size: 1543the id: 731 and the character: n s
the size: 1544the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 1545the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 1546the id: 519 and the character: pa
the size: 1547the id: 1071 and the character: nic
the size: 1548the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 1549the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 1550the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 1551the id: 491 and the character: im
the size: 1552the id: 521 and the character: per
the size: 1553the id: 1335 and the character: fe
the size: 1554the id: 268 and the character: ct
the size: 1555the id: 1169 and the character: ly a
the size: 1556the id: 273 and the character: wa
the size: 1557the id: 853 and the character: re 
the size: 1558the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 1559the id: 1245 and the character: what
the size: 1560the id: 845 and the character:  he 
the size: 1561the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 1562the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 1563the id: 741 and the character: tt
the size: 1564the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1565the id: 909 and the character: do
the size: 1566the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 1567the id: 971 and the character: n.
the size: 1568the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1569the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 1570the id: 650 and the character: is 
the size: 1571the id: 732 and the character: sm
the size: 1572the id: 1373 and the character: all
the size: 1573the id: 890 and the character:  bu
the size: 1574the id: 1307 and the character: t c
the size: 1575the id: 633 and the character: hi
the size: 1576the id: 303 and the character: ld
the size: 1577the id: 311 and the character: is
the size: 1578the id: 704 and the character: h h
the size: 1579the id: 456 and the character: and
the size: 1580the id: 629 and the character: wri
the size: 1581the id: 584 and the character: tin
the size: 1582the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 1583the id: 426 and the character: str
the size: 1584the id: 997 and the character: ag
the size: 1585the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1586the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 1587the id: 1004 and the character: d u
the size: 1588the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 1589the id: 1283 and the character:  and 
the size: 1590the id: 1566 and the character: dow
the size: 1591the id: 1122 and the character: n t
the size: 1592the id: 1171 and the character: he pa
the size: 1593the id: 998 and the character: ge,
the size: 1594the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 1595the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 1596the id: 934 and the character: dd
the size: 1597the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1598the id: 1033 and the character: fir
the size: 1599the id: 1013 and the character: st 
the size: 1600the id: 1083 and the character: its
the size: 1601the id: 1113 and the character:  ca
the size: 1602the id: 907 and the character: pi
the size: 1603the id: 290 and the character: ta
the size: 1604the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 1605the id: 740 and the character: let
the size: 1606the id: 742 and the character: ters
the size: 1607the id: 1283 and the character:  and 
the size: 1608the id: 340 and the character: fi
the size: 1609the id: 1254 and the character: nal
the size: 1610the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 1611the id: 1388 and the character: even 
the size: 1612the id: 1601 and the character: its 
the size: 1613the id: 513 and the character: ful
the size: 1614the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 1615the id: 368 and the character: sto
the size: 1616the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 1617the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1618the id: 747 and the character: :

the size: 1619the id: 749 and the character: 
A
the size: 1620the id: 751 and the character: pri
the size: 1621the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 1622the id: 754 and the character: 4t
the size: 1623the id: 801 and the character: h, 
the size: 1624the id: 824 and the character: 198
the size: 1625the id: 760 and the character: 4.
the size: 1626the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1627the id: 76 and the character: L
the size: 1628the id: 274 and the character: as
the size: 1629the id: 602 and the character: t n
the size: 1630the id: 448 and the character: ig
the size: 1631the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 1632the id: 820 and the character: t t
the size: 1633the id: 669 and the character: o t
the size: 1634the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 1635the id: 1451 and the character: fl
the size: 1636the id: 1462 and the character: ick
the size: 1637the id: 711 and the character: s.
the size: 1638the id: 1325 and the character:  Al
the size: 1639the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 1640the id: 1557 and the character: war
the size: 1641the id: 370 and the character:  fi
the size: 1642the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1643the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1644the id: 1638 and the character: s. 
the size: 1645the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 1646the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 1647the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1648the id: 597 and the character: ver
the size: 1649the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 1650the id: 698 and the character: go
the size: 1651the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1652the id: 545 and the character: d o
the size: 1653the id: 1647 and the character: ne 
the size: 1654the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 1655the id: 685 and the character: a s
the size: 1656the id: 633 and the character: hi
the size: 1657the id: 1589 and the character: p 
the size: 1658the id: 1614 and the character: full
the size: 1659the id: 1472 and the character:  of 
the size: 1660the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 1661the id: 470 and the character: fu
the size: 1662the id: 398 and the character: ge
the size: 1663the id: 781 and the character: es
the size: 1664the id: 547 and the character:  bei
the size: 1665the id: 1464 and the character: ng b
the size: 1666the id: 436 and the character: om
the size: 1667the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 1668the id: 1441 and the character: d so
the size: 1669the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 1670the id: 632 and the character: wh
the size: 1671the id: 1460 and the character: ere 
the size: 1672the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 1673the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 1674the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 1675the id: 1141 and the character: edi
the size: 1676the id: 678 and the character: ter
the size: 1677the id: 1332 and the character: ran
the size: 1678the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 1679the id: 1568 and the character: n. 
the size: 1680the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 1681the id: 1042 and the character: ud
the size: 1682the id: 870 and the character: ie
the size: 1683the id: 562 and the character: nc
the size: 1684the id: 1147 and the character: e m
the size: 1685the id: 391 and the character: uc
the size: 1686the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 1687the id: 361 and the character: am
the size: 1688the id: 1528 and the character: used 
the size: 1689the id: 587 and the character: by 
the size: 1690the id: 600 and the character: sho
the size: 1691the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 1692the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 1693the id: 1655 and the character: of a
the size: 1694the id: 697 and the character:  g
the size: 1695the id: 403 and the character: rea
the size: 1696the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 1697the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 1698the id: 702 and the character: ug
the size: 1699the id: 647 and the character: e f
the size: 1700the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 1701the id: 714 and the character: ma
the size: 1702the id: 1122 and the character: n t
the size: 1703the id: 598 and the character: ry
the size: 1704the id: 953 and the character: ing t
the size: 1705the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 1706the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1707the id: 536 and the character: wi
the size: 1708the id: 437 and the character: m 
the size: 1709the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 1710the id: 1445 and the character: way
the size: 1711the id: 1006 and the character:  with 
the size: 1712the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 1713the id: 778 and the character: hel
the size: 1714the id: 1408 and the character: ico
the size: 1715the id: 1306 and the character: pt
the size: 1716the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 1717the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 1718the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1719the id: 678 and the character: ter
the size: 1720the id: 943 and the character:  him
the size: 1721the id: 469 and the character: , f
the size: 1722the id: 849 and the character: ir
the size: 1723the id: 1013 and the character: st 
the size: 1724the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 1725the id: 1067 and the character: ou 
the size: 1726the id: 1160 and the character: sa
the size: 1727the id: 809 and the character: w 
the size: 1728the id: 794 and the character: him
the size: 1729the id: 720 and the character:  wa
the size: 1730the id: 571 and the character: ll
the size: 1731the id: 708 and the character: ow
the size: 1732the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1733the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 1734the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 1735the id: 1364 and the character: g i
the size: 1736the id: 1592 and the character: n th
the size: 1737the id: 631 and the character: e w
the size: 1738the id: 840 and the character: ate
the size: 1739the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 1740the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 1741the id: 393 and the character: ke
the size: 1742the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 1743the id: 656 and the character: po
the size: 1744the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1745the id: 656 and the character: po
the size: 1746the id: 311 and the character: is
the size: 1747the id: 841 and the character: e, 
the size: 1748the id: 508 and the character: the
the size: 1749the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 1750the id: 1725 and the character: yo
the size: 1751the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1752the id: 764 and the character:  sa
the size: 1753the id: 1728 and the character: w h
the size: 1754the id: 491 and the character: im
the size: 1755the id: 700 and the character:  thr
the size: 1756the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 1757the id: 703 and the character: gh
the size: 1758the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 1759the id: 1714 and the character: heli
the size: 1760the id: 638 and the character: co
the size: 1761the id: 1716 and the character: pte
the size: 1762the id: 346 and the character: rs
the size: 1763the id: 697 and the character:  g
the size: 1764the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 1765the id: 447 and the character: si
the size: 1766the id: 1520 and the character: ght
the size: 1767the id: 605 and the character: s, 
the size: 1768the id: 1749 and the character: then
the size: 1769the id: 1561 and the character:  he w
the size: 1770the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 1771the id: 1659 and the character: full 
the size: 1772the id: 1491 and the character: of h
the size: 1773the id: 384 and the character: ol
the size: 1774the id: 1664 and the character: es 
the size: 1775the id: 476 and the character: and 
the size: 1776the id: 1499 and the character: the s
the size: 1777the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 1778the id: 985 and the character:  rou
the size: 1779the id: 866 and the character: nd h
the size: 1780the id: 1755 and the character: im 
the size: 1781the id: 964 and the character: tur
the size: 1782the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 1783the id: 460 and the character: d p
the size: 1784the id: 671 and the character: ink
the size: 1785the id: 1283 and the character:  and 
the size: 1786the id: 1159 and the character: he s
the size: 1787the id: 1505 and the character: ank
the size: 1788the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 1789the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 1790the id: 933 and the character: sud
the size: 1791the id: 1536 and the character: denl
the size: 1792the id: 475 and the character: y a
the size: 1793the id: 1204 and the character: s th
the size: 1794the id: 1757 and the character: oug
the size: 1795the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 1796the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 1797the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 1798the id: 1151 and the character: les
the size: 1799the id: 1394 and the character:  had 
the size: 1800the id: 740 and the character: let
the size: 1801the id: 376 and the character:  in
the size: 1802the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 1803the id: 273 and the character: wa
the size: 1804the id: 678 and the character: ter
the size: 1805the id: 455 and the character: , a
the size: 1806the id: 1682 and the character: udi
the size: 1807the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 1808the id: 844 and the character: ce 
the size: 1809the id: 600 and the character: sho
the size: 1810the id: 258 and the character: ut
the size: 1811the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1812the id: 1074 and the character: with 
the size: 1813the id: 356 and the character: la
the size: 1814the id: 702 and the character: ug
the size: 1815the id: 1632 and the character: ht
the size: 1816the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 1817the id: 1671 and the character: whe
the size: 1818the id: 793 and the character: n h
the size: 1819the id: 1455 and the character: e s
the size: 1820the id: 1505 and the character: ank
the size: 1821the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 1822the id: 1769 and the character: then 
the size: 1823the id: 1751 and the character: you
the size: 1824the id: 1753 and the character:  saw
the size: 1825the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 1826the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 1827the id: 1335 and the character: fe
the size: 1828the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 1829the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 1830the id: 1772 and the character: full o
the size: 1831the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 1832the id: 1418 and the character: chi
the size: 1833the id: 303 and the character: ld
the size: 1834the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 1835the id: 1110 and the character: n w
the size: 1836the id: 537 and the character: ith 
the size: 1837the id: 1713 and the character: a h
the size: 1838the id: 503 and the character: eli
the size: 1839the id: 1761 and the character: cop
the size: 1840the id: 1720 and the character: ter 
the size: 1841the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 1842the id: 597 and the character: ver
the size: 1843the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 1844the id: 1403 and the character: ove
the size: 1845the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 1846the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 1847the id: 1822 and the character: . t
the size: 1848the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 1849the id: 1098 and the character: re w
the size: 1850the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 1851the id: 981 and the character: a m
the size: 1852the id: 1167 and the character: id
the size: 1853the id: 1168 and the character: dl
the size: 1854the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1855the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1856the id: 1310 and the character: age
the size: 1857the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 1858the id: 923 and the character: wo
the size: 1859the id: 1702 and the character: man
the size: 1860the id: 1293 and the character:  mi
the size: 1861the id: 1520 and the character: ght
the size: 1862the id: 695 and the character:  ha
the size: 1863the id: 1216 and the character: ve 
the size: 1864the id: 1359 and the character: been
the size: 1865the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 1866the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 1867the id: 1016 and the character: ew
the size: 1868the id: 784 and the character: ess
the size: 1869the id: 842 and the character:  si
the size: 1870the id: 1564 and the character: tti
the size: 1871the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 1872the id: 1005 and the character: up 
the size: 1873the id: 1673 and the character: in t
the size: 1874the id: 867 and the character: he b
the size: 1875the id: 1062 and the character: ow 
the size: 1876the id: 1074 and the character: with 
the size: 1877the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 1878the id: 1192 and the character: lit
the size: 1879the id: 1347 and the character: tl
the size: 1880the id: 509 and the character: e b
the size: 1881the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1882the id: 475 and the character: y a
the size: 1883the id: 835 and the character: bou
the size: 1884the id: 1219 and the character: t th
the size: 1885the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 1886the id: 343 and the character: e y
the size: 1887the id: 345 and the character: ear
the size: 1888the id: 1693 and the character: s o
the size: 1889the id: 1065 and the character: ld 
the size: 1890the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 1891the id: 1849 and the character: her
the size: 1892the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 1893the id: 1342 and the character: rm
the size: 1894the id: 1638 and the character: s. 
the size: 1895the id: 1879 and the character: litt
the size: 1896the id: 899 and the character: le 
the size: 1897the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 1898the id: 599 and the character: y s
the size: 1899the id: 1178 and the character: cre
the size: 1900the id: 361 and the character: am
the size: 1901the id: 1812 and the character: ing w
the size: 1902the id: 537 and the character: ith 
the size: 1903the id: 1135 and the character: fr
the size: 1904the id: 1631 and the character: igh
the size: 1905the id: 684 and the character: t a
the size: 1906the id: 1780 and the character: nd hi
the size: 1907the id: 484 and the character: di
the size: 1908the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 1909the id: 1292 and the character: his 
the size: 1910the id: 1368 and the character: hea
the size: 1911the id: 1146 and the character: d be
the size: 1912the id: 333 and the character: tw
the size: 1913the id: 1179 and the character: een
the size: 1914the id: 802 and the character:  he
the size: 1915the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 1916the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1917the id: 403 and the character: rea
the size: 1918the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 1919the id: 416 and the character: s a
the size: 1920the id: 347 and the character: s i
the size: 1921the id: 1438 and the character: f h
the size: 1922the id: 1738 and the character: e wa
the size: 1923the id: 905 and the character: s t
the size: 1924the id: 1704 and the character: ryi
the size: 1925the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 1926the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 1927the id: 257 and the character: bu
the size: 1928the id: 940 and the character: rr
the size: 1929the id: 1062 and the character: ow 
the size: 1930the id: 1252 and the character: rig
the size: 1931the id: 1632 and the character: ht
the size: 1932the id: 376 and the character:  in
the size: 1933the id: 1123 and the character: to h
the size: 1934the id: 1717 and the character: er a
the size: 1935the id: 833 and the character: nd 
the size: 1936the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 1937the id: 1859 and the character: wom
the size: 1938the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 1939the id: 654 and the character:  pu
the size: 1940the id: 1871 and the character: ttin
the size: 1941the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 1942the id: 1892 and the character: her 
the size: 1943the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 1944the id: 1644 and the character: ms
the size: 1945the id: 1779 and the character:  roun
the size: 1946the id: 457 and the character: d h
the size: 1947the id: 1755 and the character: im 
the size: 1948the id: 476 and the character: and 
the size: 1949the id: 638 and the character: co
the size: 1950the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1951the id: 445 and the character: for
the size: 1952the id: 1582 and the character: ting
the size: 1953the id: 943 and the character:  him
the size: 1954the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 1955the id: 488 and the character: lt
the size: 1956the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 1957the id: 1815 and the character: ugh
the size: 1958the id: 1595 and the character:  sh
the size: 1959the id: 1923 and the character: e was
the size: 1960the id: 256 and the character:  b
the size: 1961the id: 736 and the character: lu
the size: 1962the id: 631 and the character: e w
the size: 1963the id: 1903 and the character: ith f
the size: 1964the id: 1931 and the character: righ
the size: 1965the id: 1697 and the character: t h
the size: 1966the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 1967the id: 1230 and the character: sel
the size: 1968the id: 1232 and the character: f,
the size: 1969the id: 1955 and the character:  al
the size: 1970the id: 610 and the character: l t
the size: 1971the id: 1175 and the character: he t
the size: 1972the id: 1036 and the character: ime
the size: 1973the id: 1063 and the character:  co
the size: 1974the id: 1843 and the character: veri
the size: 1975the id: 1909 and the character: ng h
the size: 1976the id: 1755 and the character: im 
the size: 1977the id: 1005 and the character: up 
the size: 1978the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 1979the id: 828 and the character: mu
the size: 1980the id: 421 and the character: ch
the size: 1981the id: 1789 and the character:  as
the size: 1982the id: 896 and the character:  po
the size: 1983the id: 1089 and the character: ssi
the size: 1984the id: 1104 and the character: ble 
the size: 1985the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 1986the id: 261 and the character: if
the size: 1987the id: 1959 and the character:  she
the size: 1988the id: 379 and the character:  th
the size: 1989the id: 1795 and the character: ough
the size: 1990the id: 1966 and the character: t he
the size: 1991the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 1992the id: 1944 and the character: arm
the size: 1993the id: 1526 and the character: s c
the size: 1994the id: 1116 and the character: ould
the size: 1995the id: 806 and the character:  k
the size: 1996the id: 502 and the character: ee
the size: 1997the id: 1589 and the character: p 
the size: 1998the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 1999the id: 257 and the character: bu
the size: 2000the id: 571 and the character: ll
the size: 2001the id: 265 and the character: et
the size: 2002the id: 1693 and the character: s o
the size: 2003the id: 407 and the character: ff
the size: 2004the id: 943 and the character:  him
the size: 2005the id: 1848 and the character: . th
the size: 2006the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 2007the id: 1797 and the character: the h
the size: 2008the id: 1839 and the character: elic
the size: 2009the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2010the id: 1762 and the character: pter
the size: 2011the id: 307 and the character:  p
the size: 2012the id: 1480 and the character: lan
the size: 2013the id: 372 and the character: ted 
the size: 2014the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 2015the id: 50 and the character: 2
the size: 2016the id: 48 and the character: 0
the size: 2017the id: 806 and the character:  k
the size: 2018the id: 564 and the character: il
the size: 2019the id: 529 and the character: o b
the size: 2020the id: 1667 and the character: omb
the size: 2021the id: 1802 and the character:  in 
the size: 2022the id: 361 and the character: am
the size: 2023the id: 1735 and the character: ong
the size: 2024the id: 400 and the character:  the
the size: 2025the id: 944 and the character: m t
the size: 2026the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 2027the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 2028the id: 486 and the character: fic
the size: 2029the id: 350 and the character:  f
the size: 2030the id: 356 and the character: la
the size: 2031the id: 312 and the character: sh
the size: 2032the id: 1283 and the character:  and 
the size: 2033the id: 1999 and the character: the b
the size: 2034the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2035the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 2036the id: 334 and the character: we
the size: 2037the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 2038the id: 1573 and the character: all 
the size: 2039the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 2040the id: 714 and the character: ma
the size: 2041the id: 1495 and the character: tch
the size: 2042the id: 923 and the character: wo
the size: 2043the id: 1652 and the character: od
the size: 2044the id: 2006 and the character: . the
the size: 2045the id: 1737 and the character: n the
the size: 2046the id: 1850 and the character: re wa
the size: 2047the id: 416 and the character: s a
the size: 2048the id: 414 and the character:  w
the size: 2049the id: 1457 and the character: ond
the size: 2050the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 2051the id: 992 and the character: ful 
the size: 2052the id: 1691 and the character: shot
the size: 2053the id: 1472 and the character:  of 
the size: 2054the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 2055the id: 1833 and the character: chil
the size: 2056the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2057the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 2058the id: 416 and the character: s a
the size: 2059the id: 1342 and the character: rm
the size: 2060the id: 697 and the character:  g
the size: 2061the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2062the id: 1419 and the character: ing u
the size: 2063the id: 1589 and the character: p 
the size: 2064the id: 1005 and the character: up 
the size: 2065the id: 1005 and the character: up 
the size: 2066the id: 1965 and the character: right
the size: 2067the id: 438 and the character:  u
the size: 2068the id: 1589 and the character: p 
the size: 2069the id: 668 and the character: into
the size: 2070the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 2071the id: 291 and the character: ai
the size: 2072the id: 1992 and the character: r a
the size: 2073the id: 802 and the character:  he
the size: 2074the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 2075the id: 1840 and the character: copt
the size: 2076the id: 1817 and the character: er w
the size: 2077the id: 1837 and the character: ith a
the size: 2078the id: 1113 and the character:  ca
the size: 2079the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 2080the id: 551 and the character: ra
the size: 2081the id: 1802 and the character:  in 
the size: 2082the id: 1601 and the character: its 
the size: 2083the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 2084the id: 640 and the character: se 
the size: 2085the id: 1196 and the character: mus
the size: 2086the id: 1697 and the character: t h
the size: 2087the id: 1215 and the character: av
the size: 2088the id: 647 and the character: e f
the size: 2089the id: 384 and the character: ol
the size: 2090the id: 1352 and the character: lo
the size: 2091the id: 334 and the character: we
the size: 2092the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 2093the id: 892 and the character: it 
the size: 2094the id: 1978 and the character: up a
the size: 2095the id: 1936 and the character: nd t
the size: 2096the id: 1849 and the character: her
the size: 2097the id: 1960 and the character: e was 
the size: 2098the id: 1878 and the character: a l
the size: 2099the id: 1118 and the character: ot 
the size: 2100the id: 1655 and the character: of a
the size: 2101the id: 663 and the character: pp
the size: 2102the id: 1814 and the character: lau
the size: 2103the id: 640 and the character: se 
the size: 2104the id: 1488 and the character: fro
the size: 2105the id: 944 and the character: m t
the size: 2106the id: 1171 and the character: he pa
the size: 2107the id: 289 and the character: rt
the size: 2108the id: 599 and the character: y s
the size: 2109the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 2110the id: 1692 and the character: ts
the size: 2111the id: 1574 and the character:  but
the size: 2112the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 2113the id: 1938 and the character: woma
the size: 2114the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 2115the id: 1591 and the character: down
the size: 2116the id: 1802 and the character:  in 
the size: 2117the id: 717 and the character: the p
the size: 2118the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 2119the id: 899 and the character: le 
the size: 2120the id: 592 and the character: par
the size: 2121the id: 1490 and the character: t o
the size: 2122the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 2123the id: 1797 and the character: the h
the size: 2124the id: 1203 and the character: ous
the size: 2125the id: 1455 and the character: e s
the size: 2126the id: 1535 and the character: udd
the size: 2127the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 2128the id: 851 and the character: ly s
the size: 2129the id: 1193 and the character: tar
the size: 2130the id: 372 and the character: ted 
the size: 2131the id: 1274 and the character: ki
the size: 2132the id: 392 and the character: ck
the size: 2133the id: 2063 and the character: ing up
the size: 2134the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 2135the id: 470 and the character: fu
the size: 2136the id: 1483 and the character: ss 
the size: 2137the id: 476 and the character: and 
the size: 2138the id: 1810 and the character: shou
the size: 2139the id: 1953 and the character: ting 
the size: 2140the id: 508 and the character: the
the size: 2141the id: 316 and the character: y d
the size: 2142the id: 1167 and the character: id
the size: 2143the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 2144the id: 1990 and the character: ought
the size: 2145the id: 1222 and the character: er o
the size: 2146the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 2147the id: 600 and the character: sho
the size: 2148the id: 2092 and the character: wed
the size: 2149the id: 395 and the character:  it 
the size: 2150the id: 805 and the character: not 
the size: 2151the id: 1487 and the character: in f
the size: 2152the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 2153the id: 2144 and the character: nt o
the size: 2154the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 2155the id: 1274 and the character: ki
the size: 2156the id: 1458 and the character: ds
the size: 2157the id: 400 and the character:  the
the size: 2158the id: 2142 and the character: y di
the size: 2159the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2160the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 2161the id: 1443 and the character: it a
the size: 2162the id: 622 and the character: int
the size: 2163the id: 276 and the character:  r
the size: 2164the id: 1905 and the character: ight
the size: 2165the id: 1473 and the character:  not
the size: 2166the id: 1802 and the character:  in 
the size: 2167the id: 1488 and the character: fro
the size: 2168the id: 2154 and the character: nt of
the size: 2169the id: 2018 and the character:  ki
the size: 2170the id: 2157 and the character: ds 
the size: 2171the id: 2162 and the character: it ai
the size: 2172the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 2173the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 2174the id: 472 and the character: ti
the size: 2175the id: 1971 and the character: l th
the size: 2176the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 2177the id: 656 and the character: po
the size: 2178the id: 2075 and the character: lic
the size: 2179the id: 1037 and the character: e t
the size: 2180the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 2181the id: 1783 and the character: ned
the size: 2182the id: 1915 and the character:  her
the size: 2183the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 2184the id: 2181 and the character: urn
the size: 2185the id: 1291 and the character: ed h
the size: 2186the id: 1222 and the character: er o
the size: 2187the id: 891 and the character: ut i
the size: 2188the id: 988 and the character:  do
the size: 2189the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 2190the id: 390 and the character: su
the size: 2191the id: 663 and the character: pp
the size: 2192the id: 1409 and the character: ose 
the size: 2193the id: 1296 and the character: anyt
the size: 2194the id: 1496 and the character: hing
the size: 2195the id: 695 and the character:  ha
the size: 2196the id: 663 and the character: pp
the size: 2197the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 2198the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 2199the id: 1934 and the character: to he
the size: 2200the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 2201the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 2202the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 2203the id: 1277 and the character: dy
the size: 2204the id: 1113 and the character:  ca
the size: 2205the id: 453 and the character: res
the size: 2206the id: 414 and the character:  w
the size: 2207the id: 1205 and the character: hat 
the size: 2208the id: 2118 and the character: the pr
the size: 2209the id: 1774 and the character: ole
the size: 2210the id: 1790 and the character: s s
the size: 2211the id: 903 and the character: ay
the size: 2212the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 2213the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 2214the id: 907 and the character: pi
the size: 2215the id: 360 and the character: ca
the size: 2216the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 2217the id: 461 and the character: pr
the size: 2218the id: 1774 and the character: ole
the size: 2219the id: 276 and the character:  r
the size: 2220the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 2221the id: 268 and the character: ct
the size: 2222the id: 1202 and the character: io
the size: 2223the id: 1737 and the character: n the
the size: 2224the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 2225the id: 894 and the character: nev
the size: 2226the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 2227the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2228the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2229the id: 748 and the character: 


the size: 2230the id: 366 and the character: Wi
the size: 2231the id: 1333 and the character: ns
the size: 2232the id: 528 and the character: to
the size: 2233the id: 731 and the character: n s
the size: 2234the id: 528 and the character: to
the size: 2235the id: 2197 and the character: ppe
the size: 2236the id: 1858 and the character: d w
the size: 2237the id: 1542 and the character: riti
the size: 2238the id: 585 and the character: ng
the size: 2239the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 2240the id: 2121 and the character: part
the size: 2241the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 2242the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 2243the id: 1527 and the character: cau
the size: 2244the id: 640 and the character: se 
the size: 2245the id: 573 and the character: he w
the size: 2246the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 2247the id: 390 and the character: su
the size: 2248the id: 1132 and the character: ffe
the size: 2249the id: 1511 and the character: rin
the size: 2250the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 2251the id: 2105 and the character: from
the size: 2252the id: 515 and the character:  cr
the size: 2253the id: 361 and the character: am
the size: 2254the id: 1398 and the character: p. 
the size: 2255the id: 763 and the character: He 
the size: 2256the id: 1440 and the character: did
the size: 2257the id: 2166 and the character:  not 
the size: 2258the id: 807 and the character: kn
the size: 2259the id: 1876 and the character: ow w
the size: 2260the id: 1357 and the character: hat h
the size: 2261the id: 696 and the character: ad 
the size: 2262the id: 714 and the character: ma
the size: 2263the id: 1043 and the character: de 
the size: 2264the id: 1729 and the character: him 
the size: 2265the id: 656 and the character: po
the size: 2266the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 2267the id: 321 and the character:  o
the size: 2268the id: 836 and the character: ut 
the size: 2269the id: 954 and the character: this 
the size: 2270the id: 426 and the character: str
the size: 2271the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 2272the id: 437 and the character: m 
the size: 2273the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 2274the id: 427 and the character: ru
the size: 2275the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 2276the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 2277the id: 1578 and the character: ish
the size: 2278the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 2279the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 2280the id: 2269 and the character: ut t
the size: 2281the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 2282the id: 1201 and the character: curi
the size: 2283the id: 1203 and the character: ous
the size: 2284the id: 859 and the character:  thi
the size: 2285the id: 1320 and the character: ng w
the size: 2286the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 2287the id: 295 and the character: th
the size: 2288the id: 2036 and the character: at w
the size: 2289the id: 1576 and the character: hil
the size: 2290the id: 777 and the character: e h
the size: 2291the id: 1960 and the character: e was 
the size: 2292the id: 909 and the character: do
the size: 2293the id: 1164 and the character: ing s
the size: 2294the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 2295the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 2296the id: 528 and the character: to
the size: 2297the id: 1604 and the character: tal
the size: 2298the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 2299the id: 1131 and the character: dif
the size: 2300the id: 1335 and the character: fe
the size: 2301the id: 1835 and the character: ren
the size: 2302the id: 1211 and the character: t me
the size: 2303the id: 693 and the character: mo
the size: 2304the id: 1194 and the character: ry 
the size: 2305the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 2306the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 2307the id: 1510 and the character: lar
the size: 2308the id: 261 and the character: if
the size: 2309the id: 870 and the character: ie
the size: 2310the id: 2093 and the character: d i
the size: 2311the id: 1692 and the character: ts
the size: 2312the id: 434 and the character: el
the size: 2313the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 2314the id: 1891 and the character: in h
the size: 2315the id: 973 and the character: is m
the size: 2316the id: 975 and the character: ind
the size: 2317the id: 1493 and the character: , t
the size: 2318the id: 1634 and the character: o th
the size: 2319the id: 2177 and the character: e p
the size: 2320the id: 2062 and the character: oi
the size: 2321the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 2322the id: 1671 and the character: whe
the size: 2323the id: 853 and the character: re 
the size: 2324the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 2325the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 2326the id: 693 and the character: mo
the size: 2327the id: 1013 and the character: st 
the size: 2328the id: 1335 and the character: fe
the size: 2329the id: 488 and the character: lt
the size: 2330the id: 616 and the character:  e
the size: 2331the id: 113 and the character: q
the size: 2332the id: 609 and the character: ual
the size: 2333the id: 942 and the character:  to 
the size: 2334the id: 1581 and the character: writ
the size: 2335the id: 621 and the character: ing i
the size: 2336the id: 838 and the character: t d
the size: 2337the id: 910 and the character: own
the size: 2338the id: 1199 and the character: . It 
the size: 2339the id: 415 and the character: was
the size: 2340the id: 1383 and the character: , h
the size: 2341the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 2342the id: 808 and the character: now
the size: 2343the id: 2220 and the character:  re
the size: 2344the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 2345the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 2346the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 2347the id: 314 and the character: ed
the size: 2348the id: 1434 and the character: , be
the size: 2349the id: 2244 and the character: caus
the size: 2350the id: 498 and the character: e of
the size: 2351the id: 859 and the character:  thi
the size: 2352the id: 1693 and the character: s o
the size: 2353the id: 508 and the character: the
the size: 2354the id: 1846 and the character: r i
the size: 2355the id: 562 and the character: nc
the size: 2356the id: 1189 and the character: ide
the size: 2357the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 2358the id: 2288 and the character: tha
the size: 2359the id: 1966 and the character: t he
the size: 2360the id: 1394 and the character:  had 
the size: 2361the id: 1791 and the character: sudd
the size: 2362the id: 2128 and the character: enl
the size: 2363the id: 316 and the character: y d
the size: 2364the id: 724 and the character: eci
the size: 2365the id: 1259 and the character: ded
the size: 2366the id: 942 and the character:  to 
the size: 2367the id: 1950 and the character: com
the size: 2368the id: 777 and the character: e h
the size: 2369the id: 1058 and the character: ome 
the size: 2370the id: 476 and the character: and 
the size: 2371the id: 1414 and the character: beg
the size: 2372the id: 1874 and the character: in th
the size: 2373the id: 661 and the character: e di
the size: 2374the id: 956 and the character: ary
the size: 2375the id: 396 and the character:  to
the size: 2376the id: 839 and the character: da
the size: 2377the id: 1262 and the character: y.
the size: 2378the id: 748 and the character: 


the size: 2379the id: 1079 and the character: It
the size: 2380the id: 1394 and the character:  had 
the size: 2381the id: 296 and the character: ha
the size: 2382the id: 2197 and the character: ppe
the size: 2383the id: 2182 and the character: ned 
the size: 2384the id: 2359 and the character: that
the size: 2385the id: 1195 and the character:  m
the size: 2386the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 2387the id: 1363 and the character: ning
the size: 2388the id: 324 and the character:  a
the size: 2389the id: 1478 and the character: t the
the size: 2390the id: 1399 and the character:  M
the size: 2391the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 2392the id: 1120 and the character: ist
the size: 2393the id: 598 and the character: ry
the size: 2394the id: 931 and the character: , i
the size: 2395the id: 499 and the character: f a
the size: 2396the id: 912 and the character: ny
the size: 2397the id: 1474 and the character: thing 
the size: 2398the id: 481 and the character: so
the size: 2399the id: 1286 and the character:  ne
the size: 2400the id: 2000 and the character: bul
the size: 2401the id: 2284 and the character: ous 
the size: 2402the id: 1308 and the character: cou
the size: 2403the id: 1129 and the character: ld b
the size: 2404the id: 1820 and the character: e sa
the size: 2405the id: 1167 and the character: id
the size: 2406the id: 1059 and the character:  to h
the size: 2407the id: 520 and the character: ap
the size: 2408the id: 561 and the character: pen
the size: 2409the id: 925 and the character: .


the size: 2410the id: 2380 and the character: It 
the size: 2411the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 2412the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 2413the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 2414the id: 1611 and the character: ly e
the size: 2415the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 2416the id: 443 and the character: ven
the size: 2417the id: 588 and the character:  h
the size: 2418the id: 986 and the character: und
the size: 2419the id: 679 and the character: red
the size: 2420the id: 1138 and the character: , and 
the size: 2421the id: 2373 and the character: in the
the size: 2422the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2423the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 2424the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 2425the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 2426the id: 2157 and the character: ds 
the size: 2427the id: 68 and the character: D
the size: 2428the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2429the id: 2121 and the character: part
the size: 2430the id: 983 and the character: men
the size: 2431the id: 431 and the character: t,
the size: 2432the id: 2207 and the character:  wh
the size: 2433the id: 1460 and the character: ere 
the size: 2434the id: 2231 and the character: Win
the size: 2435the id: 368 and the character: sto
the size: 2436the id: 1110 and the character: n w
the size: 2437the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 2438the id: 393 and the character: ke
the size: 2439the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2440the id: 1508 and the character: , th
the size: 2441the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2442the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 2443the id: 334 and the character: we
the size: 2444the id: 853 and the character: re 
the size: 2445the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2446the id: 551 and the character: ra
the size: 2447the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 2448the id: 1253 and the character: gin
the size: 2449the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 2450the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 2451the id: 1182 and the character: cha
the size: 2452the id: 1723 and the character: irs
the size: 2453the id: 2268 and the character:  ou
the size: 2454the id: 2122 and the character: t of
the size: 2455the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 2456the id: 464 and the character: cu
the size: 2457the id: 2277 and the character: bi
the size: 2458the id: 2307 and the character: cl
the size: 2459the id: 1775 and the character: es a
the size: 2460the id: 833 and the character: nd 
the size: 2461the id: 402 and the character: gr
the size: 2462the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 2463the id: 907 and the character: pi
the size: 2464the id: 1926 and the character: ng t
the size: 2465the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 2466the id: 437 and the character: m 
the size: 2467the id: 2422 and the character: in the 
the size: 2468the id: 788 and the character: cen
the size: 2469the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 2470the id: 1558 and the character: re o
the size: 2471the id: 2123 and the character: f t
the size: 2472the id: 874 and the character: he ha
the size: 2473the id: 734 and the character: ll 
the size: 2474the id: 2010 and the character: op
the size: 2475the id: 1088 and the character: pos
the size: 2476the id: 630 and the character: ite
the size: 2477the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 2478the id: 2277 and the character: bi
the size: 2479the id: 2450 and the character: g t
the size: 2480the id: 434 and the character: el
the size: 2481the id: 781 and the character: es
the size: 2482the id: 1178 and the character: cre
the size: 2483the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 2484the id: 1109 and the character: , in
the size: 2485the id: 1140 and the character:  pre
the size: 2486the id: 592 and the character: par
the size: 2487the id: 297 and the character: at
the size: 2488the id: 2223 and the character: ion
the size: 2489the id: 350 and the character:  f
the size: 2490the id: 967 and the character: or t
the size: 2491the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 2492the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 2493the id: 923 and the character: wo
the size: 2494the id: 2391 and the character:  Mi
the size: 2495the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 2496the id: 258 and the character: ut
the size: 2497the id: 1664 and the character: es 
the size: 2498the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 2499the id: 840 and the character: ate
the size: 2500the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 2501the id: 2435 and the character: Wins
the size: 2502the id: 2233 and the character: ton
the size: 2503the id: 858 and the character:  was 
the size: 2504the id: 682 and the character: ju
the size: 2505the id: 1013 and the character: st 
the size: 2506the id: 1052 and the character: tak
the size: 2507the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 2508the id: 1292 and the character: his 
the size: 2509the id: 775 and the character: pl
the size: 2510the id: 767 and the character: ac
the size: 2511the id: 1449 and the character: e i
the size: 2512the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 2513the id: 699 and the character: one 
the size: 2514the id: 1513 and the character: of th
the size: 2515the id: 1147 and the character: e m
the size: 2516the id: 1853 and the character: idd
the size: 2517the id: 899 and the character: le 
the size: 2518the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 2519the id: 1017 and the character: ws
the size: 2520the id: 2433 and the character:  whe
the size: 2521the id: 1122 and the character: n t
the size: 2522the id: 2494 and the character: wo 
the size: 2523the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 2524the id: 2010 and the character: op
the size: 2525the id: 899 and the character: le 
the size: 2526the id: 929 and the character: who
the size: 2527the id: 437 and the character: m 
the size: 2528the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 2529the id: 807 and the character: kn
the size: 2530the id: 1016 and the character: ew
the size: 2531the id: 1529 and the character:  by
the size: 2532the id: 842 and the character:  si
the size: 2533the id: 1520 and the character: ght
the size: 2534the id: 1233 and the character: , b
the size: 2535the id: 836 and the character: ut 
the size: 2536the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 2537the id: 2226 and the character: neve
the size: 2538the id: 446 and the character: r s
the size: 2539the id: 656 and the character: po
the size: 2540the id: 1053 and the character: ken
the size: 2541the id: 396 and the character:  to
the size: 2542the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 2543the id: 1448 and the character: came
the size: 2544the id: 438 and the character:  u
the size: 2545the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 2546the id: 1225 and the character: xp
the size: 2547the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 2548the id: 269 and the character: ted
the size: 2549the id: 1551 and the character: ly i
the size: 2550the id: 377 and the character: nto
the size: 2551the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 2552the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 2553the id: 436 and the character: om
the size: 2554the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 2555the id: 1646 and the character: On
the size: 2556the id: 2351 and the character: e of 
the size: 2557the id: 508 and the character: the
the size: 2558the id: 437 and the character: m 
the size: 2559the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 2560the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 2561the id: 798 and the character: gi
the size: 2562the id: 850 and the character: rl
the size: 2563the id: 2207 and the character:  wh
the size: 2564the id: 436 and the character: om
the size: 2565the id: 845 and the character:  he 
the size: 2566the id: 406 and the character: of
the size: 2567the id: 1121 and the character: ten
the size: 2568the id: 307 and the character:  p
the size: 2569the id: 274 and the character: as
the size: 2570the id: 440 and the character: sed
the size: 2571the id: 2117 and the character:  in t
the size: 2572the id: 2282 and the character: he c
the size: 2573the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 2574the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 2575the id: 909 and the character: do
the size: 2576the id: 1377 and the character: rs.
the size: 2577the id: 1569 and the character:  H
the size: 2578the id: 803 and the character: e did
the size: 2579the id: 2258 and the character:  not k
the size: 2580the id: 2343 and the character: now 
the size: 2581the id: 1892 and the character: her 
the size: 2582the id: 281 and the character: na
the size: 2583the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 2584the id: 2535 and the character: , bu
the size: 2585the id: 2360 and the character: t he 
the size: 2586the id: 2530 and the character: kne
the size: 2587the id: 809 and the character: w 
the size: 2588the id: 2385 and the character: that 
the size: 2589the id: 312 and the character: sh
the size: 2590the id: 631 and the character: e w
the size: 2591the id: 2438 and the character: ork
the size: 2592the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 2593the id: 2422 and the character: in the 
the size: 2594the id: 70 and the character: F
the size: 2595the id: 613 and the character: ict
the size: 2596the id: 2489 and the character: ion 
the size: 2597the id: 2428 and the character: De
the size: 2598the id: 2430 and the character: partm
the size: 2599the id: 430 and the character: ent
the size: 2600the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 2601the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 2602the id: 453 and the character: res
the size: 2603the id: 428 and the character: um
the size: 2604the id: 1422 and the character: abl
the size: 2605the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 2606the id: 2228 and the character: --
the size: 2607the id: 842 and the character:  si
the size: 2608the id: 1684 and the character: nce
the size: 2609the id: 845 and the character:  he 
the size: 2610the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 2611the id: 1155 and the character: som
the size: 2612the id: 265 and the character: et
the size: 2613the id: 1036 and the character: ime
the size: 2614the id: 1790 and the character: s s
the size: 2615the id: 1914 and the character: een 
the size: 2616the id: 1892 and the character: her 
the size: 2617the id: 1074 and the character: with 
the size: 2618the id: 2062 and the character: oi
the size: 2619the id: 572 and the character: ly h
the size: 2620the id: 456 and the character: and
the size: 2621the id: 416 and the character: s a
the size: 2622the id: 833 and the character: nd 
the size: 2623the id: 360 and the character: ca
the size: 2624the id: 940 and the character: rr
the size: 2625the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 2626the id: 1733 and the character: ing a
the size: 2627the id: 625 and the character:  sp
the size: 2628the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 2629the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 2630the id: 446 and the character: r s
the size: 2631the id: 1327 and the character: he had 
the size: 2632the id: 2612 and the character: some
the size: 2633the id: 1195 and the character:  m
the size: 2634the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 2635the id: 589 and the character: han
the size: 2636the id: 1142 and the character: ica
the size: 2637the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 2638the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 2639the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2640the id: 375 and the character: b 
the size: 2641the id: 369 and the character: on 
the size: 2642the id: 2514 and the character: one o
the size: 2643the id: 2472 and the character: f th
the size: 2644the id: 2342 and the character: e n
the size: 2645the id: 1403 and the character: ove
the size: 2646the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 2647the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2648the id: 2335 and the character: writi
the size: 2649the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 2650the id: 714 and the character: ma
the size: 2651the id: 1418 and the character: chi
the size: 2652the id: 1482 and the character: nes
the size: 2653the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 2654the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2655the id: 2246 and the character: he wa
the size: 2656the id: 2048 and the character: s a 
the size: 2657the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 2658the id: 303 and the character: ld
the size: 2659the id: 355 and the character: -l
the size: 2660the id: 1522 and the character: oo
the size: 2661the id: 1463 and the character: kin
the size: 2662the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 2663the id: 2562 and the character: gir
the size: 2664the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 2665the id: 1549 and the character: , o
the size: 2666the id: 499 and the character: f a
the size: 2667the id: 1884 and the character: bout
the size: 2668the id: 922 and the character:  tw
the size: 2669the id: 430 and the character: ent
the size: 2670the id: 338 and the character: y-
the size: 2671the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 2672the id: 443 and the character: ven
the size: 2673the id: 949 and the character: , w
the size: 2674the id: 537 and the character: ith 
the size: 2675the id: 620 and the character: thi
the size: 2676the id: 392 and the character: ck
the size: 2677the id: 695 and the character:  ha
the size: 2678the id: 849 and the character: ir
the size: 2679the id: 455 and the character: , a
the size: 2680the id: 594 and the character:  fr
the size: 2681the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 2682the id: 1506 and the character: kl
the size: 2683the id: 979 and the character: ed f
the size: 2684the id: 2511 and the character: ace
the size: 2685the id: 1138 and the character: , and 
the size: 2686the id: 1707 and the character: sw
the size: 2687the id: 261 and the character: if
the size: 2688the id: 2432 and the character: t, 
the size: 2689the id: 318 and the character: ath
the size: 2690the id: 740 and the character: let
the size: 2691the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 2692the id: 2386 and the character:  mo
the size: 2693the id: 342 and the character: ve
the size: 2694the id: 2431 and the character: ment
the size: 2695the id: 1638 and the character: s. 
the size: 2696the id: 690 and the character: A 
the size: 2697the id: 281 and the character: na
the size: 2698the id: 1929 and the character: rro
the size: 2699the id: 809 and the character: w 
the size: 2700the id: 1429 and the character: sc
the size: 2701the id: 2414 and the character: arl
the size: 2702the id: 399 and the character: et 
the size: 2703the id: 1160 and the character: sa
the size: 2704the id: 312 and the character: sh
the size: 2705the id: 1387 and the character: , e
the size: 2706the id: 1103 and the character: mb
the size: 2707the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 2708the id: 2273 and the character: m o
the size: 2709the id: 2644 and the character: f the
the size: 2710the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2711the id: 74 and the character: J
the size: 2712the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 2713the id: 1202 and the character: io
the size: 2714the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 2715the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 2716the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 2717the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 2718the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2719the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2720the id: 1224 and the character: ex
the size: 2721the id: 1627 and the character:  L
the size: 2722the id: 278 and the character: ea
the size: 2723the id: 1354 and the character: gu
the size: 2724the id: 841 and the character: e, 
the size: 2725the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 2726the id: 1099 and the character: wou
the size: 2727the id: 833 and the character: nd 
the size: 2728the id: 2672 and the character: sev
the size: 2729the id: 1372 and the character: era
the size: 2730the id: 610 and the character: l t
the size: 2731the id: 2614 and the character: imes
the size: 2732the id: 1946 and the character:  round
the size: 2733the id: 1803 and the character:  the w
the size: 2734the id: 291 and the character: ai
the size: 2735the id: 1013 and the character: st 
the size: 2736the id: 1491 and the character: of h
the size: 2737the id: 1222 and the character: er o
the size: 2738the id: 597 and the character: ver
the size: 2739the id: 1373 and the character: all
the size: 2740the id: 605 and the character: s, 
the size: 2741the id: 2505 and the character: jus
the size: 2742the id: 1035 and the character: t ti
the size: 2743the id: 1520 and the character: ght
the size: 2744the id: 1611 and the character: ly e
the size: 2745the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 2746the id: 1958 and the character: ugh 
the size: 2747the id: 1927 and the character: to b
the size: 2748the id: 2250 and the character: ring
the size: 2749the id: 2454 and the character:  out
the size: 2750the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 2751the id: 312 and the character: sh
the size: 2752the id: 1172 and the character: ape
the size: 2753the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 2754the id: 1525 and the character: ness
the size: 2755the id: 1472 and the character:  of 
the size: 2756the id: 1892 and the character: her 
the size: 2757the id: 1657 and the character: hip
the size: 2758the id: 1638 and the character: s. 
the size: 2759the id: 2502 and the character: Winst
the size: 2760the id: 369 and the character: on 
the size: 2761the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 2762the id: 484 and the character: di
the size: 2763the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 2764the id: 1741 and the character: lik
the size: 2765the id: 2186 and the character: ed he
the size: 2766the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 2767the id: 2252 and the character: from 
the size: 2768the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 2769the id: 1649 and the character: very
the size: 2770the id: 370 and the character:  fi
the size: 2771the id: 1034 and the character: rst
the size: 2772the id: 2386 and the character:  mo
the size: 2773the id: 2431 and the character: ment
the size: 2774the id: 1472 and the character:  of 
the size: 2775the id: 1207 and the character: see
the size: 2776the id: 2508 and the character: ing h
the size: 2777the id: 1173 and the character: er.
the size: 2778the id: 2578 and the character:  He
the size: 2779the id: 806 and the character:  k
the size: 2780the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 2781the id: 2588 and the character: w t
the size: 2782the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 2783the id: 1918 and the character: reas
the size: 2784the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 2785the id: 2339 and the character: . It w
the size: 2786the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 2787the id: 2243 and the character: bec
the size: 2788the id: 496 and the character: au
the size: 2789the id: 772 and the character: se o
the size: 2790the id: 2710 and the character: f the 
the size: 2791the id: 297 and the character: at
the size: 2792the id: 2327 and the character: mos
the size: 2793the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 2794the id: 2097 and the character: here
the size: 2795the id: 2756 and the character:  of h
the size: 2796the id: 463 and the character: oc
the size: 2797the id: 393 and the character: ke
the size: 2798the id: 338 and the character: y-
the size: 2799the id: 340 and the character: fi
the size: 2800the id: 434 and the character: el
the size: 2801the id: 2157 and the character: ds 
the size: 2802the id: 1949 and the character: and c
the size: 2803the id: 384 and the character: ol
the size: 2804the id: 304 and the character: d b
the size: 2805the id: 318 and the character: ath
the size: 2806the id: 2622 and the character: s an
the size: 2807the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 2808the id: 1950 and the character: com
the size: 2809the id: 1070 and the character: mun
the size: 2810the id: 299 and the character: it
the size: 2811the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 2812the id: 633 and the character: hi
the size: 2813the id: 393 and the character: ke
the size: 2814the id: 2807 and the character: s and
the size: 2815the id: 697 and the character:  g
the size: 2816the id: 2198 and the character: ene
the size: 2817the id: 551 and the character: ra
the size: 2818the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 2819the id: 2459 and the character: cle
the size: 2820the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 2821the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2822the id: 1343 and the character: min
the size: 2823the id: 1259 and the character: ded
the size: 2824the id: 2755 and the character: ness 
the size: 2825the id: 1111 and the character: whi
the size: 2826the id: 1981 and the character: ch 
the size: 2827the id: 2590 and the character: she
the size: 2828the id: 1195 and the character:  m
the size: 2829the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 2830the id: 1857 and the character: aged
the size: 2831the id: 2367 and the character:  to c
the size: 2832the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 2833the id: 1194 and the character: ry 
the size: 2834the id: 357 and the character: abo
the size: 2835the id: 836 and the character: ut 
the size: 2836the id: 1074 and the character: with 
the size: 2837the id: 1849 and the character: her
the size: 2838the id: 1466 and the character: . He 
the size: 2839the id: 2763 and the character: dis
the size: 2840the id: 2765 and the character: like
the size: 2841the id: 804 and the character: d n
the size: 2842the id: 345 and the character: ear
the size: 2843the id: 1169 and the character: ly a
the size: 2844the id: 734 and the character: ll 
the size: 2845the id: 1859 and the character: wom
the size: 2846the id: 2484 and the character: en,
the size: 2847the id: 1283 and the character:  and 
the size: 2848the id: 781 and the character: es
the size: 2849the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 2850the id: 563 and the character: ci
the size: 2851the id: 1373 and the character: all
the size: 2852the id: 1530 and the character: y the
the size: 2853the id: 1066 and the character:  yo
the size: 2854the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 2855the id: 505 and the character: g 
the size: 2856the id: 476 and the character: and 
the size: 2857the id: 1106 and the character: pre
the size: 2858the id: 741 and the character: tt
the size: 2859the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 2860the id: 467 and the character: one
the size: 2861the id: 1638 and the character: s. 
the size: 2862the id: 2411 and the character: It w
the size: 2863the id: 1851 and the character: as a
the size: 2864the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 2865the id: 1445 and the character: way
the size: 2866the id: 1204 and the character: s th
the size: 2867the id: 2591 and the character: e wo
the size: 2868the id: 983 and the character: men
the size: 2869the id: 1517 and the character: , and a
the size: 2870the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 2871the id: 1216 and the character: ve 
the size: 2872the id: 2039 and the character: all t
the size: 2873the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 2874the id: 1751 and the character: you
the size: 2875the id: 1512 and the character: ng o
the size: 2876the id: 1482 and the character: nes
the size: 2877the id: 949 and the character: , w
the size: 2878the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 2879the id: 414 and the character:  w
the size: 2880the id: 1460 and the character: ere 
the size: 2881the id: 1038 and the character: the m
the size: 2882the id: 1218 and the character: ost
the size: 2883the id: 256 and the character:  b
the size: 2884the id: 448 and the character: ig
the size: 2885the id: 577 and the character: ot
the size: 2886the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 2887the id: 544 and the character: ad
the size: 2888the id: 2097 and the character: here
the size: 2889the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 2890the id: 2003 and the character: s of
the size: 2891the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 2892the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 2893the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 2894the id: 489 and the character: ty,
the size: 2895the id: 2751 and the character:  the s
the size: 2896the id: 273 and the character: wa
the size: 2897the id: 1731 and the character: llo
the size: 2898the id: 2444 and the character: wer
the size: 2899the id: 2891 and the character: s of 
the size: 2900the id: 2764 and the character: sl
the size: 2901the id: 1353 and the character: og
the size: 2902the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 2903the id: 1768 and the character: s, t
the size: 2904the id: 2325 and the character: he a
the size: 2905the id: 2041 and the character: mat
the size: 2906the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2907the id: 2267 and the character: ur 
the size: 2908the id: 1018 and the character: sp
the size: 2909the id: 870 and the character: ie
the size: 2910the id: 2815 and the character: s and 
the size: 2911the id: 2084 and the character: nos
the size: 2912the id: 1967 and the character: ers
the size: 2913the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 2914the id: 301 and the character: ou
the size: 2915the id: 2455 and the character: t of 
the size: 2916the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 2917the id: 601 and the character: ort
the size: 2918the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 2919the id: 909 and the character: do
the size: 2920the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 2921the id: 1324 and the character: y. 
the size: 2922the id: 2280 and the character: Bu
the size: 2923the id: 1379 and the character: t thi
the size: 2924the id: 1267 and the character: s p
the size: 2925the id: 2894 and the character: art
the size: 2926the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 2927the id: 302 and the character: ul
the size: 2928the id: 920 and the character: ar 
the size: 2929the id: 2664 and the character: girl
the size: 2930the id: 697 and the character:  g
the size: 2931the id: 2088 and the character: ave
the size: 2932the id: 1954 and the character:  him 
the size: 2933the id: 670 and the character: the i
the size: 2934the id: 362 and the character: mp
the size: 2935the id: 453 and the character: res
the size: 2936the id: 447 and the character: si
the size: 2937the id: 2642 and the character: on o
the size: 2938the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 2939the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 2940the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 2941the id: 2304 and the character: mor
the size: 2942the id: 1425 and the character: e da
the size: 2943the id: 585 and the character: ng
the size: 2944the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 2945the id: 2284 and the character: ous 
the size: 2946the id: 2288 and the character: tha
the size: 2947the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 2948the id: 2327 and the character: mos
the size: 2949the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 2950the id: 2555 and the character: . O
the size: 2951the id: 2609 and the character: nce 
the size: 2952the id: 1818 and the character: when
the size: 2953the id: 2158 and the character:  they
the size: 2954the id: 2569 and the character:  pa
the size: 2955the id: 1290 and the character: sse
the size: 2956the id: 2093 and the character: d i
the size: 2957the id: 1737 and the character: n the
the size: 2958the id: 1063 and the character:  co
the size: 2959the id: 940 and the character: rr
the size: 2960the id: 1167 and the character: id
the size: 2961the id: 694 and the character: or 
the size: 2962the id: 2828 and the character: she 
the size: 2963the id: 1011 and the character: ga
the size: 2964the id: 1216 and the character: ve 
the size: 2965the id: 1729 and the character: him 
the size: 2966the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 2967the id: 2332 and the character: qu
the size: 2968the id: 1462 and the character: ick
the size: 2969the id: 842 and the character:  si
the size: 2970the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 2971the id: 1352 and the character: lo
the size: 2972the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 2973the id: 1586 and the character: gl
the size: 2974the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 2975the id: 844 and the character: ce 
the size: 2976the id: 2826 and the character: whic
the size: 2977the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 2978the id: 1207 and the character: see
the size: 2979the id: 1209 and the character: med
the size: 2980the id: 942 and the character:  to 
the size: 2981the id: 907 and the character: pi
the size: 2982the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 2983the id: 844 and the character: ce 
the size: 2984the id: 2067 and the character: right 
the size: 2985the id: 2070 and the character: into 
the size: 2986the id: 2966 and the character: him a
the size: 2987the id: 833 and the character: nd 
the size: 2988the id: 980 and the character: for a
the size: 2989the id: 2773 and the character:  mom
the size: 2990the id: 653 and the character: ent 
the size: 2991the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 2992the id: 340 and the character: fi
the size: 2993the id: 2001 and the character: lle
the size: 2994the id: 1947 and the character: d hi
the size: 2995the id: 2559 and the character: m w
the size: 2996the id: 537 and the character: ith 
the size: 2997the id: 283 and the character: bl
the size: 2998the id: 767 and the character: ac
the size: 2999the id: 716 and the character: k t
the size: 3000the id: 2027 and the character: err
the size: 3001the id: 322 and the character: or
the size: 3002the id: 1454 and the character: . The
the size: 3003the id: 260 and the character:  i
the size: 3004the id: 317 and the character: dea
the size: 3005the id: 1394 and the character:  had 
the size: 3006the id: 1388 and the character: even 
the size: 3007the id: 550 and the character: cr
the size: 3008the id: 897 and the character: oss
the size: 3009the id: 1291 and the character: ed h
the size: 3010the id: 2316 and the character: is mi
the size: 3011the id: 2096 and the character: nd th
the size: 3012the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 3013the id: 2828 and the character: she 
the size: 3014the id: 974 and the character: mi
the size: 3015the id: 1862 and the character: ght 
the size: 3016the id: 530 and the character: be 
the size: 3017the id: 1939 and the character: an 
the size: 3018the id: 1310 and the character: age
the size: 3019the id: 2169 and the character: nt of 
the size: 3020the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 3021the id: 410 and the character: Th
the size: 3022the id: 1990 and the character: ought
the size: 3023the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3024the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 3025the id: 384 and the character: ol
the size: 3026the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 3027the id: 1311 and the character: e. 
the size: 3028the id: 410 and the character: Th
the size: 3029the id: 297 and the character: at
the size: 3030the id: 931 and the character: , i
the size: 3031the id: 1247 and the character: t was
the size: 3032the id: 691 and the character:  tr
the size: 3033the id: 1355 and the character: ue
the size: 3034the id: 949 and the character: , w
the size: 3035the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 3036the id: 2770 and the character: very 
the size: 3037the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 3038the id: 2765 and the character: like
the size: 3039the id: 1423 and the character: ly.
the size: 3040the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3041the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 3042the id: 2175 and the character: til
the size: 3043the id: 2665 and the character: l,
the size: 3044the id: 845 and the character:  he 
the size: 3045the id: 687 and the character: con
the size: 3046the id: 584 and the character: tin
the size: 3047the id: 1355 and the character: ue
the size: 3048the id: 1260 and the character: d to 
the size: 3049the id: 1335 and the character: fe
the size: 3050the id: 434 and the character: el
the size: 3051the id: 1743 and the character:  a p
the size: 3052the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 3053the id: 302 and the character: ul
the size: 3054the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 3055the id: 920 and the character: ar 
the size: 3056the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 3057the id: 328 and the character: eas
the size: 3058the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 3059the id: 784 and the character: ess
the size: 3060the id: 2878 and the character: , wh
the size: 3061the id: 1112 and the character: ich 
the size: 3062the id: 2992 and the character: had f
the size: 3063the id: 345 and the character: ear
the size: 3064the id: 1293 and the character:  mi
the size: 3065the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 3066the id: 1397 and the character: ed up
the size: 3067the id: 2082 and the character:  in i
the size: 3068the id: 684 and the character: t a
the size: 3069the id: 1459 and the character: s we
the size: 3070the id: 734 and the character: ll 
the size: 3071the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 3072the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 3073the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 3074the id: 564 and the character: il
the size: 3075the id: 2811 and the character: ity
the size: 3076the id: 2878 and the character: , wh
the size: 3077the id: 2198 and the character: ene
the size: 3078the id: 895 and the character: ver 
the size: 3079the id: 2828 and the character: she 
the size: 3080the id: 2560 and the character: was a
the size: 3081the id: 912 and the character: ny
the size: 3082the id: 2323 and the character: wher
the size: 3083the id: 2342 and the character: e n
the size: 3084the id: 3064 and the character: ear 
the size: 3085the id: 1060 and the character: him.
the size: 3086the id: 748 and the character: 


the size: 3087the id: 1313 and the character: The
the size: 3088the id: 321 and the character:  o
the size: 3089the id: 2354 and the character: ther
the size: 3090the id: 381 and the character:  pe
the size: 3091the id: 346 and the character: rs
the size: 3092the id: 535 and the character: on w
the size: 3093the id: 1851 and the character: as a
the size: 3094the id: 2829 and the character:  ma
the size: 3095the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 3096the id: 2583 and the character: nam
the size: 3097the id: 394 and the character: ed 
the size: 3098the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 3099the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 3100the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 3101the id: 1396 and the character: rie
the size: 3102the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 3103the id: 2680 and the character: , a 
the size: 3104the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 3105the id: 1103 and the character: mb
the size: 3106the id: 2146 and the character: er of
the size: 3107the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 3108the id: 730 and the character: In
the size: 3109the id: 2630 and the character: ner
the size: 3110the id: 3024 and the character:  P
the size: 3111the id: 2894 and the character: art
the size: 3112the id: 475 and the character: y a
the size: 3113the id: 866 and the character: nd h
the size: 3114the id: 2804 and the character: old
the size: 3115the id: 3107 and the character: er of 
the size: 3116the id: 2633 and the character: some 
the size: 3117the id: 1088 and the character: pos
the size: 3118the id: 259 and the character: t 
the size: 3119the id: 2399 and the character: so 
the size: 3120the id: 1552 and the character: imp
the size: 3121the id: 601 and the character: ort
the size: 3122the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 3123the id: 1906 and the character: t an
the size: 3124the id: 1101 and the character: d r
the size: 3125the id: 1208 and the character: em
the size: 3126the id: 2886 and the character: ote
the size: 3127the id: 854 and the character:  that 
the size: 3128the id: 2760 and the character: Winsto
the size: 3129the id: 1180 and the character: n ha
the size: 3130the id: 1653 and the character: d on
the size: 3131the id: 1169 and the character: ly a
the size: 3132the id: 612 and the character:  di
the size: 3133the id: 2467 and the character: m i
the size: 3134the id: 3005 and the character: dea 
the size: 3135the id: 1082 and the character: of i
the size: 3136the id: 2111 and the character: ts 
the size: 3137the id: 1085 and the character: natu
the size: 3138the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 3139the id: 769 and the character: . A 
the size: 3140the id: 1281 and the character: mome
the size: 3141the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 3142the id: 2375 and the character: ary 
the size: 3143the id: 1698 and the character: hu
the size: 3144the id: 2032 and the character: sh 
the size: 3145the id: 1268 and the character: pas
the size: 3146the id: 2571 and the character: sed 
the size: 3147the id: 1845 and the character: over
the size: 3148the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 3149the id: 2462 and the character: gro
the size: 3150the id: 1005 and the character: up 
the size: 3151the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 3152the id: 2524 and the character: peo
the size: 3153the id: 780 and the character: ple
the size: 3154the id: 2733 and the character:  round 
the size: 3155the id: 2451 and the character: the c
the size: 3156the id: 422 and the character: hai
the size: 3157the id: 1763 and the character: rs 
the size: 3158the id: 2287 and the character: as t
the size: 3159the id: 313 and the character: he
the size: 3160the id: 599 and the character: y s
the size: 3161the id: 1710 and the character: aw
the size: 3162the id: 2478 and the character:  the b
the size: 3163the id: 356 and the character: la
the size: 3164the id: 2677 and the character: ck 
the size: 3165the id: 1845 and the character: over
the size: 3166the id: 2740 and the character: alls
the size: 3167the id: 2054 and the character:  of a
the size: 3168the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 3169the id: 3109 and the character: Inn
the size: 3170the id: 386 and the character: er 
the size: 3171the id: 2893 and the character: Pa
the size: 3172the id: 2108 and the character: rty
the size: 3173the id: 2634 and the character:  me
the size: 3174the id: 3106 and the character: mbe
the size: 3175the id: 1992 and the character: r a
the size: 3176the id: 663 and the character: pp
the size: 3177the id: 462 and the character: ro
the size: 3178the id: 767 and the character: ac
the size: 3179the id: 1496 and the character: hing
the size: 3180the id: 2555 and the character: . O
the size: 3181the id: 3100 and the character: 'B
the size: 3182the id: 3102 and the character: rien
the size: 3183the id: 858 and the character:  was 
the size: 3184the id: 1878 and the character: a l
the size: 3185the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 3186the id: 1594 and the character: ge, 
the size: 3187the id: 1928 and the character: bur
the size: 3188the id: 493 and the character: ly 
the size: 3189the id: 1860 and the character: man 
the size: 3190the id: 1877 and the character: with a
the size: 3191the id: 859 and the character:  thi
the size: 3192the id: 2677 and the character: ck 
the size: 3193the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 3194the id: 2677 and the character: ck 
the size: 3195the id: 476 and the character: and 
the size: 3196the id: 2055 and the character: a c
the size: 3197the id: 2035 and the character: oa
the size: 3198the id: 346 and the character: rs
the size: 3199the id: 841 and the character: e, 
the size: 3200the id: 1698 and the character: hu
the size: 3201the id: 2304 and the character: mor
the size: 3202the id: 1203 and the character: ous
the size: 3203the id: 1233 and the character: , b
the size: 3204the id: 427 and the character: ru
the size: 3205the id: 1604 and the character: tal
the size: 3206the id: 350 and the character:  f
the size: 3207the id: 2511 and the character: ace
the size: 3208the id: 729 and the character: . I
the size: 3209the id: 731 and the character: n s
the size: 3210the id: 1603 and the character: pit
the size: 3211the id: 2351 and the character: e of 
the size: 3212the id: 1292 and the character: his 
the size: 3213the id: 445 and the character: for
the size: 3214the id: 974 and the character: mi
the size: 3215the id: 839 and the character: da
the size: 3216the id: 1985 and the character: ble a
the size: 3217the id: 2197 and the character: ppe
the size: 3218the id: 419 and the character: ar
the size: 3219the id: 2975 and the character: anc
the size: 3220the id: 2291 and the character: e he
the size: 3221the id: 1394 and the character:  had 
the size: 3222the id: 2055 and the character: a c
the size: 3223the id: 1051 and the character: ert
the size: 3224the id: 816 and the character: ain
the size: 3225the id: 286 and the character:  c
the size: 3226the id: 296 and the character: ha
the size: 3227the id: 2060 and the character: rm 
the size: 3228the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 3229the id: 1702 and the character: man
the size: 3230the id: 2630 and the character: ner
the size: 3231the id: 1466 and the character: . He 
the size: 3232the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 3233the id: 2296 and the character: a t
the size: 3234the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 3235the id: 3165 and the character: ck o
the size: 3236the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 3237the id: 652 and the character: rese
the size: 3238the id: 741 and the character: tt
the size: 3239the id: 2754 and the character: lin
the size: 3240the id: 1942 and the character: g h
the size: 3241the id: 1571 and the character: is s
the size: 3242the id: 2850 and the character: pec
the size: 3243the id: 290 and the character: ta
the size: 3244the id: 2459 and the character: cle
the size: 3245the id: 1693 and the character: s o
the size: 3246the id: 793 and the character: n h
the size: 3247the id: 650 and the character: is 
the size: 3248the id: 2912 and the character: nose
the size: 3249the id: 2207 and the character:  wh
the size: 3250the id: 1112 and the character: ich 
the size: 3251the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 3252the id: 2283 and the character: curio
the size: 3253the id: 439 and the character: us
the size: 3254the id: 2299 and the character: ly d
the size: 3255the id: 311 and the character: is
the size: 3256the id: 1944 and the character: arm
the size: 3257the id: 548 and the character: ing 
the size: 3258the id: 2607 and the character: -- 
the size: 3259the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 3260the id: 2633 and the character: some 
the size: 3261the id: 975 and the character: ind
the size: 3262the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 3263the id: 1609 and the character: fin
the size: 3264the id: 1422 and the character: abl
the size: 3265the id: 1738 and the character: e wa
the size: 3266the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 3267the id: 2543 and the character: , c
the size: 3268the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 3269the id: 1470 and the character: iou
the size: 3270the id: 2764 and the character: sl
the size: 3271the id: 813 and the character: y c
the size: 3272the id: 341 and the character: iv
the size: 3273the id: 3075 and the character: ili
the size: 3274the id: 2347 and the character: ze
the size: 3275the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 3276the id: 2786 and the character: . It wa
the size: 3277the id: 2048 and the character: s a 
the size: 3278the id: 398 and the character: ge
the size: 3279the id: 1165 and the character: stu
the size: 3280the id: 1098 and the character: re w
the size: 3281the id: 633 and the character: hi
the size: 3282the id: 421 and the character: ch
the size: 3283the id: 2395 and the character: , if
the size: 3284the id: 387 and the character:  an
the size: 3285the id: 1725 and the character: yo
the size: 3286the id: 1647 and the character: ne 
the size: 3287the id: 2611 and the character: had s
the size: 3288the id: 3043 and the character: till
the size: 3289the id: 1989 and the character:  tho
the size: 3290the id: 1815 and the character: ugh
the size: 3291the id: 298 and the character: t i
the size: 3292the id: 731 and the character: n s
the size: 3293the id: 1686 and the character: uch
the size: 3294the id: 294 and the character:  t
the size: 3295the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 3296the id: 1644 and the character: ms
the size: 3297the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 3298the id: 3015 and the character: mig
the size: 3299the id: 1932 and the character: ht 
the size: 3300the id: 1239 and the character: hav
the size: 3301the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 3302the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 3303the id: 2216 and the character: cal
the size: 3304the id: 1587 and the character: led
the size: 3305the id: 557 and the character:  an 
the size: 3306the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 3307the id: 1905 and the character: ight
the size: 3308the id: 1179 and the character: een
the size: 3309the id: 295 and the character: th
the size: 3310the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 3311the id: 2469 and the character: cent
the size: 3312the id: 452 and the character: ur
the size: 3313the id: 2225 and the character: y n
the size: 3314the id: 2640 and the character: ob
the size: 3315the id: 2708 and the character: lem
the size: 3316the id: 1939 and the character: an 
the size: 3317the id: 406 and the character: of
the size: 3318the id: 2301 and the character: fer
the size: 3319the id: 2508 and the character: ing h
the size: 3320the id: 1571 and the character: is s
the size: 3321the id: 2496 and the character: nu
the size: 3322the id: 407 and the character: ff
the size: 3323the id: 707 and the character: bo
the size: 3324the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 3325the id: 2501 and the character: . W
the size: 3326the id: 367 and the character: ins
the size: 3327the id: 2503 and the character: ton 
the size: 3328the id: 2611 and the character: had s
the size: 3329the id: 1914 and the character: een 
the size: 3330the id: 3099 and the character: O'
the size: 3331the id: 3101 and the character: Br
the size: 3332the id: 1683 and the character: ien
the size: 3333the id: 3091 and the character:  per
the size: 3334the id: 2382 and the character: hap
the size: 3335the id: 2048 and the character: s a 
the size: 3336the id: 909 and the character: do
the size: 3337the id: 2347 and the character: ze
the size: 3338the id: 1122 and the character: n t
the size: 3339the id: 2732 and the character: imes 
the size: 3340the id: 348 and the character: in 
the size: 3341the id: 2326 and the character: alm
the size: 3342the id: 2883 and the character: ost 
the size: 3343the id: 1979 and the character: as m
the size: 3344the id: 812 and the character: any
the size: 3345the id: 918 and the character:  y
the size: 3346the id: 1888 and the character: ears
the size: 3347the id: 1466 and the character: . He 
the size: 3348the id: 2329 and the character: fel
the size: 3349the id: 838 and the character: t d
the size: 3350the id: 1997 and the character: eep
the size: 3351the id: 2299 and the character: ly d
the size: 3352the id: 551 and the character: ra
the size: 3353the id: 1567 and the character: wn
the size: 3354the id: 1059 and the character:  to h
the size: 3355the id: 491 and the character: im
the size: 3356the id: 1138 and the character: , and 
the size: 3357the id: 1428 and the character: not s
the size: 3358the id: 1774 and the character: ole
the size: 3359the id: 2242 and the character: ly b
the size: 3360the id: 1435 and the character: ecau
the size: 3361the id: 2245 and the character: se h
the size: 3362the id: 1960 and the character: e was 
the size: 3363the id: 622 and the character: int
the size: 3364the id: 1252 and the character: rig
the size: 3365the id: 3048 and the character: ued
the size: 3366the id: 2532 and the character:  by 
the size: 3367the id: 2451 and the character: the c
the size: 3368the id: 1489 and the character: ont
the size: 3369the id: 551 and the character: ra
the size: 3370the id: 1013 and the character: st 
the size: 3371the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 3372the id: 1913 and the character: twe
the size: 3373the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 3374the id: 3331 and the character: O'B
the size: 3375the id: 3102 and the character: rien
the size: 3376the id: 2058 and the character: 's
the size: 3377the id: 438 and the character:  u
the size: 3378the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3379the id: 766 and the character: ba
the size: 3380the id: 1647 and the character: ne 
the size: 3381the id: 3230 and the character: mann
the size: 3382the id: 1935 and the character: er an
the size: 3383the id: 1947 and the character: d hi
the size: 3384the id: 1267 and the character: s p
the size: 3385the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 3386the id: 2347 and the character: ze
the size: 3387the id: 339 and the character: -f
the size: 3388the id: 3308 and the character: ighte
the size: 3389the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3390the id: 3377 and the character: 's 
the size: 3391the id: 2794 and the character: ph
the size: 3392the id: 904 and the character: ys
the size: 3393the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 3394the id: 2332 and the character: qu
the size: 3395the id: 1311 and the character: e. 
the size: 3396the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 3397the id: 3294 and the character: uch 
the size: 3398the id: 2942 and the character: more
the size: 3399the id: 606 and the character:  it w
the size: 3400the id: 2787 and the character: as b
the size: 3401the id: 3361 and the character: ecaus
the size: 3402the id: 2351 and the character: e of 
the size: 3403the id: 685 and the character: a s
the size: 3404the id: 267 and the character: ec
the size: 3405the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 3406the id: 1347 and the character: tl
the size: 3407the id: 2812 and the character: y h
the size: 3408the id: 2801 and the character: eld
the size: 3409the id: 494 and the character:  be
the size: 3410the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 3411the id: 3263 and the character: ef
the size: 3412the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3413the id: 2607 and the character: -- 
the size: 3414the id: 694 and the character: or 
the size: 3415the id: 521 and the character: per
the size: 3416the id: 3335 and the character: haps
the size: 3417the id: 2166 and the character:  not 
the size: 3418the id: 1388 and the character: even 
the size: 3419the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 3420the id: 868 and the character: bel
the size: 3421the id: 870 and the character: ie
the size: 3422the id: 1969 and the character: f, 
the size: 3423the id: 2080 and the character: mer
the size: 3424the id: 474 and the character: ely
the size: 3425the id: 349 and the character:  a 
the size: 3426the id: 383 and the character: ho
the size: 3427the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 3428the id: 3413 and the character:  -
the size: 3429the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 3430the id: 854 and the character:  that 
the size: 3431the id: 3375 and the character: O'Br
the size: 3432the id: 1683 and the character: ien
the size: 3433the id: 3391 and the character: 's p
the size: 3434the id: 3026 and the character: oli
the size: 3435the id: 472 and the character: ti
the size: 3436the id: 2216 and the character: cal
the size: 3437the id: 885 and the character:  or
the size: 3438the id: 295 and the character: th
the size: 3439the id: 1652 and the character: od
the size: 3440the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 3441the id: 2921 and the character: xy
the size: 3442the id: 893 and the character:  was n
the size: 3443the id: 1118 and the character: ot 
the size: 3444the id: 1553 and the character: perf
the size: 3445the id: 2548 and the character: ect
the size: 3446the id: 2654 and the character: . S
the size: 3447the id: 482 and the character: ome
the size: 3448the id: 1474 and the character: thing 
the size: 3449the id: 2315 and the character: in hi
the size: 3450the id: 847 and the character: s f
the size: 3451the id: 2511 and the character: ace
the size: 3452the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 3453the id: 702 and the character: ug
the size: 3454the id: 3279 and the character: ges
the size: 3455the id: 372 and the character: ted 
the size: 3456the id: 892 and the character: it 
the size: 3457the id: 849 and the character: ir
the size: 3458the id: 453 and the character: res
the size: 3459the id: 1120 and the character: ist
the size: 3460the id: 1090 and the character: ib
the size: 3461the id: 3040 and the character: ly. 
the size: 3462the id: 2716 and the character: An
the size: 3463the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 3464the id: 997 and the character: ag
the size: 3465the id: 816 and the character: ain
the size: 3466the id: 2240 and the character: , p
the size: 3467the id: 288 and the character: er
the size: 3468the id: 3417 and the character: haps 
the size: 3469the id: 1127 and the character: it w
the size: 3470the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 3471the id: 805 and the character: not 
the size: 3472the id: 1388 and the character: even 
the size: 3473the id: 2917 and the character: uno
the size: 3474the id: 289 and the character: rt
the size: 3475the id: 2919 and the character: hod
the size: 3476the id: 3441 and the character: ox
the size: 3477the id: 818 and the character: y th
the size: 3478the id: 2036 and the character: at w
the size: 3479the id: 721 and the character: as 
the size: 3480the id: 1581 and the character: writ
the size: 3481the id: 2568 and the character: ten 
the size: 3482the id: 3450 and the character: in his
the size: 3483the id: 3207 and the character:  fa
the size: 3484the id: 287 and the character: ce
the size: 3485the id: 2585 and the character: , but
the size: 3486the id: 842 and the character:  si
the size: 3487the id: 492 and the character: mpl
the size: 3488the id: 1256 and the character: y i
the size: 3489the id: 336 and the character: nt
the size: 3490the id: 434 and the character: el
the size: 3491the id: 1519 and the character: lig
the size: 3492the id: 1808 and the character: enc
the size: 3493the id: 1311 and the character: e. 
the size: 3494the id: 2923 and the character: But
the size: 3495the id: 2389 and the character:  at
the size: 3496the id: 3285 and the character:  any
the size: 3497the id: 276 and the character:  r
the size: 3498the id: 914 and the character: ate 
the size: 3499the id: 1327 and the character: he had 
the size: 3500the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 3501the id: 2408 and the character: app
the size: 3502the id: 1421 and the character: eara
the size: 3503the id: 2609 and the character: nce 
the size: 3504the id: 546 and the character: of 
the size: 3505the id: 2940 and the character: bei
the size: 3506the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 3507the id: 500 and the character: a 
the size: 3508the id: 521 and the character: per
the size: 3509the id: 481 and the character: so
the size: 3510the id: 1592 and the character: n th
the size: 3511the id: 325 and the character: at 
the size: 3512the id: 1824 and the character: you 
the size: 3513the id: 2403 and the character: coul
the size: 3514the id: 527 and the character: d t
the size: 3515the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 3516the id: 716 and the character: k t
the size: 3517the id: 1442 and the character: o i
the size: 3518the id: 2147 and the character: f s
the size: 3519the id: 482 and the character: ome
the size: 3520the id: 1384 and the character: how
the size: 3521the id: 2854 and the character:  you
the size: 3522the id: 1063 and the character:  co
the size: 3523the id: 1100 and the character: uld
the size: 3524the id: 3226 and the character:  ch
the size: 3525the id: 2110 and the character: eat
the size: 3526the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 3527the id: 1176 and the character: tel
the size: 3528the id: 2482 and the character: esc
the size: 3529the id: 1886 and the character: ree
the size: 3530the id: 911 and the character: n an
the size: 3531the id: 270 and the character: d 
the size: 3532the id: 398 and the character: ge
the size: 3533the id: 1697 and the character: t h
the size: 3534the id: 1948 and the character: im a
the size: 3535the id: 2972 and the character: lon
the size: 3536the id: 1311 and the character: e. 
the size: 3537the id: 3129 and the character: Winston
the size: 3538the id: 1394 and the character:  had 
the size: 3539the id: 2538 and the character: never
the size: 3540the id: 2829 and the character:  ma
the size: 3541the id: 1043 and the character: de 
the size: 3542the id: 1499 and the character: the s
the size: 3543the id: 733 and the character: mal
the size: 3544the id: 1151 and the character: les
the size: 3545the id: 1235 and the character: t e
the size: 3546the id: 407 and the character: ff
the size: 3547the id: 601 and the character: ort
the size: 3548the id: 942 and the character:  to 
the size: 3549the id: 1843 and the character: veri
the size: 3550the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 3551the id: 818 and the character: y th
the size: 3552the id: 650 and the character: is 
the size: 3553the id: 2724 and the character: gue
the size: 3554the id: 644 and the character: ss
the size: 3555the id: 1125 and the character: : 
the size: 3556the id: 3262 and the character: inde
the size: 3557the id: 2348 and the character: ed,
the size: 3558the id: 400 and the character:  the
the size: 3559the id: 2047 and the character: re was
the size: 3560the id: 900 and the character:  no
the size: 3561the id: 720 and the character:  wa
the size: 3562the id: 2860 and the character: y o
the size: 3563the id: 262 and the character: f 
the size: 3564the id: 2293 and the character: doi
the size: 3565the id: 1228 and the character: ng 
the size: 3566the id: 481 and the character: so
the size: 3567the id: 1378 and the character: . At
the size: 3568the id: 2352 and the character:  this
the size: 3569the id: 2990 and the character:  mome
the size: 3570the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 3571the id: 3432 and the character: O'Bri
the size: 3572the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 3573the id: 2974 and the character: gla
the size: 3574the id: 1684 and the character: nce
the size: 3575the id: 3464 and the character: d a
the size: 3576the id: 3534 and the character: t hi
the size: 3577the id: 822 and the character: s w
the size: 3578the id: 532 and the character: ri
the size: 3579the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 3580the id: 2648 and the character: -w
the size: 3581the id: 1431 and the character: atch
the size: 3582the id: 432 and the character: , s
the size: 3583the id: 3162 and the character: aw 
the size: 3584the id: 2385 and the character: that 
the size: 3585the id: 3470 and the character: it wa
the size: 3586the id: 1084 and the character: s n
the size: 3587the id: 2843 and the character: earl
the size: 3588the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 3589the id: 2481 and the character: ele
the size: 3590the id: 2417 and the character: ven 
the size: 3591the id: 1698 and the character: hu
the size: 3592the id: 388 and the character: nd
the size: 3593the id: 2420 and the character: red,
the size: 3594the id: 2848 and the character:  and e
the size: 3595the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 3596the id: 2357 and the character: iden
the size: 3597the id: 3407 and the character: tly
the size: 3598the id: 723 and the character:  de
the size: 3599the id: 563 and the character: ci
the size: 3600the id: 2366 and the character: ded 
the size: 3601the id: 1187 and the character: to s
the size: 3602the id: 290 and the character: ta
the size: 3603the id: 3489 and the character: y in
the size: 3604the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 3605the id: 2424 and the character: Re
the size: 3606the id: 638 and the character: co
the size: 3607the id: 1022 and the character: rd
the size: 3608the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 3609the id: 2598 and the character: Dep
the size: 3610the id: 2894 and the character: art
the size: 3611the id: 2774 and the character: ment 
the size: 3612the id: 2174 and the character: unt
the size: 3613the id: 752 and the character: il 
the size: 3614the id: 3021 and the character: the T
the size: 3615the id: 2494 and the character: wo 
the size: 3616the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 3617the id: 292 and the character: in
the size: 3618the id: 2497 and the character: ute
the size: 3619the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 3620the id: 2499 and the character: Ha
the size: 3621the id: 1073 and the character: te w
the size: 3622the id: 1081 and the character: as o
the size: 3623the id: 597 and the character: ver
the size: 3624the id: 1466 and the character: . He 
the size: 3625the id: 528 and the character: to
the size: 3626the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 3627the id: 672 and the character: k 
the size: 3628the id: 2055 and the character: a c
the size: 3629the id: 3157 and the character: hair
the size: 3630the id: 2572 and the character:  in th
the size: 3631the id: 1820 and the character: e sa
the size: 3632the id: 1056 and the character: me 
the size: 3633the id: 2519 and the character: row
the size: 3634the id: 1982 and the character:  as 
the size: 3635the id: 3129 and the character: Winston
the size: 3636the id: 2680 and the character: , a 
the size: 3637the id: 1308 and the character: cou
the size: 3638the id: 3154 and the character: ple 
the size: 3639the id: 3152 and the character: of p
the size: 3640the id: 3164 and the character: lac
the size: 3641the id: 1775 and the character: es a
the size: 3642the id: 1445 and the character: way
the size: 3643the id: 769 and the character: . A 
the size: 3644the id: 1572 and the character: sma
the size: 3645the id: 571 and the character: ll
the size: 3646the id: 3583 and the character: , sa
the size: 3647the id: 388 and the character: nd
the size: 3648the id: 338 and the character: y-
the size: 3649the id: 3157 and the character: hair
the size: 3650the id: 554 and the character: ed w
the size: 3651the id: 436 and the character: om
the size: 3652the id: 1939 and the character: an 
the size: 3653the id: 929 and the character: who
the size: 3654the id: 2049 and the character:  wo
the size: 3655the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3656the id: 2439 and the character: ked
the size: 3657the id: 3631 and the character:  in the
the size: 3658the id: 1286 and the character:  ne
the size: 3659the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 3660the id: 1307 and the character: t c
the size: 3661the id: 1025 and the character: ub
the size: 3662the id: 423 and the character: ic
the size: 3663the id: 899 and the character: le 
the size: 3664the id: 611 and the character: to 
the size: 3665the id: 3538 and the character: Winston 
the size: 3666the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 3667the id: 3372 and the character: bet
the size: 3668the id: 334 and the character: we
the size: 3669the id: 2007 and the character: en t
the size: 3670the id: 2466 and the character: hem
the size: 3671the id: 3003 and the character: . The 
the size: 3672the id: 2930 and the character: girl 
the size: 3673the id: 1074 and the character: with 
the size: 3674the id: 839 and the character: da
the size: 3675the id: 3656 and the character: rk
the size: 3676the id: 2678 and the character:  hai
the size: 3677the id: 323 and the character: r 
the size: 3678the id: 1562 and the character: was s
the size: 3679the id: 371 and the character: itt
the size: 3680the id: 621 and the character: ing i
the size: 3681the id: 1069 and the character: mm
the size: 3682the id: 1141 and the character: edi
the size: 3683the id: 840 and the character: ate
the size: 3684the id: 3360 and the character: ly be
the size: 3685the id: 916 and the character: hin
the size: 3686the id: 3276 and the character: d.
the size: 3687the id: 3087 and the character: 

T
the size: 3688the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 3689the id: 2546 and the character: nex
the size: 3690the id: 827 and the character: t m
the size: 3691the id: 1381 and the character: omen
the size: 3692the id: 684 and the character: t a
the size: 3693the id: 649 and the character:  hi
the size: 3694the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 3695the id: 3203 and the character: ous,
the size: 3696the id: 1695 and the character:  gr
the size: 3697the id: 975 and the character: ind
the size: 3698the id: 1164 and the character: ing s
the size: 3699the id: 412 and the character: pe
the size: 3700the id: 2635 and the character: ech
the size: 3701the id: 455 and the character: , a
the size: 3702the id: 2900 and the character: s of s
the size: 3703the id: 1058 and the character: ome 
the size: 3704the id: 1350 and the character: mon
the size: 3705the id: 426 and the character: str
the size: 3706the id: 2284 and the character: ous 
the size: 3707the id: 2651 and the character: mac
the size: 3708the id: 916 and the character: hin
the size: 3709the id: 3302 and the character: e r
the size: 3710the id: 309 and the character: un
the size: 3711the id: 2388 and the character: ning 
the size: 3712the id: 800 and the character: with
the size: 3713the id: 2915 and the character: out
the size: 3714the id: 321 and the character:  o
the size: 3715the id: 564 and the character: il
the size: 3716the id: 2535 and the character: , bu
the size: 3717the id: 2772 and the character: rst 
the size: 3718the id: 2768 and the character: from t
the size: 3719the id: 867 and the character: he b
the size: 3720the id: 448 and the character: ig
the size: 3721the id: 3295 and the character:  te
the size: 3722the id: 1177 and the character: lesc
the size: 3723the id: 3530 and the character: reen
the size: 3724the id: 3496 and the character:  at 
the size: 3725the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 3726the id: 1258 and the character: end
the size: 3727the id: 1484 and the character:  of t
the size: 3728the id: 2783 and the character: he r
the size: 3729the id: 1522 and the character: oo
the size: 3730the id: 795 and the character: m.
the size: 3731the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3732the id: 2863 and the character: It wa
the size: 3733the id: 2048 and the character: s a 
the size: 3734the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 3735the id: 1747 and the character: ise
the size: 3736the id: 854 and the character:  that 
the size: 3737the id: 1563 and the character: set
the size: 3738the id: 321 and the character:  o
the size: 3739the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 3740the id: 3377 and the character: 's 
the size: 3741the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 3742the id: 265 and the character: et
the size: 3743the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 3744the id: 369 and the character: on 
the size: 3745the id: 314 and the character: ed
the size: 3746the id: 857 and the character: ge 
the size: 3747the id: 2371 and the character: and b
the size: 3748the id: 3579 and the character: ris
the size: 3749the id: 1880 and the character: tle
the size: 3750the id: 987 and the character: d the 
the size: 3751the id: 3630 and the character: hair 
the size: 3752the id: 1170 and the character: at th
the size: 3753the id: 509 and the character: e b
the size: 3754the id: 2999 and the character: ack
the size: 3755the id: 1472 and the character:  of 
the size: 3756the id: 467 and the character: one
the size: 3757the id: 3377 and the character: 's 
the size: 3758the id: 3194 and the character: nec
the size: 3759the id: 1029 and the character: k.
the size: 3760the id: 1312 and the character:  T
the size: 3761the id: 380 and the character: he 
the size: 3762the id: 3621 and the character: Hat
the size: 3763the id: 1048 and the character: e ha
the size: 3764the id: 389 and the character: d s
the size: 3765the id: 2130 and the character: tart
the size: 3766the id: 314 and the character: ed
the size: 3767the id: 925 and the character: .


the size: 3768the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 3769the id: 275 and the character: s 
the size: 3770the id: 608 and the character: usu
the size: 3771the id: 570 and the character: al
the size: 3772the id: 2441 and the character: , the
the size: 3773the id: 3484 and the character:  fac
the size: 3774the id: 2351 and the character: e of 
the size: 3775the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3776the id: 1069 and the character: mm
the size: 3777the id: 417 and the character: an
the size: 3778the id: 1355 and the character: ue
the size: 3779the id: 514 and the character: l 
the size: 3780the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 3781the id: 2804 and the character: old
the size: 3782the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 3783the id: 3307 and the character: ei
the size: 3784the id: 3103 and the character: n,
the size: 3785the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 3786the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3787the id: 783 and the character: ne
the size: 3788the id: 517 and the character: my
the size: 3789the id: 3728 and the character:  of th
the size: 3790the id: 306 and the character: e 
the size: 3791the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 3792the id: 1402 and the character: eo
the size: 3793the id: 780 and the character: ple
the size: 3794the id: 1383 and the character: , h
the size: 3795the id: 696 and the character: ad 
the size: 3796the id: 1451 and the character: fl
the size: 3797the id: 274 and the character: as
the size: 3798the id: 1596 and the character: hed
the size: 3799the id: 3739 and the character:  on
the size: 3800the id: 942 and the character:  to 
the size: 3801the id: 1499 and the character: the s
the size: 3802the id: 2483 and the character: cree
the size: 3803the id: 1568 and the character: n. 
the size: 3804the id: 1313 and the character: The
the size: 3805the id: 1098 and the character: re w
the size: 3806the id: 1460 and the character: ere 
the size: 3807the id: 705 and the character: his
the size: 3808the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 3809the id: 743 and the character: s h
the size: 3810the id: 1460 and the character: ere 
the size: 3811the id: 1776 and the character: and t
the size: 3812the id: 2795 and the character: here 
the size: 3813the id: 2023 and the character: amo
the size: 3814the id: 2465 and the character: ng th
the size: 3815the id: 1314 and the character: e a
the size: 3816the id: 1807 and the character: udie
the size: 3817the id: 1684 and the character: nce
the size: 3818the id: 3003 and the character: . The 
the size: 3819the id: 1896 and the character: littl
the size: 3820the id: 1820 and the character: e sa
the size: 3821the id: 3648 and the character: ndy
the size: 3822the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 3823the id: 3650 and the character: haire
the size: 3824the id: 1858 and the character: d w
the size: 3825the id: 3652 and the character: oma
the size: 3826the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 3827the id: 2964 and the character: gav
the size: 3828the id: 1314 and the character: e a
the size: 3829the id: 480 and the character:  s
the size: 3830the id: 3395 and the character: que
the size: 3831the id: 627 and the character: ak
the size: 3832the id: 1472 and the character:  of 
the size: 3833the id: 1343 and the character: min
the size: 3834the id: 1586 and the character: gl
the size: 3835the id: 979 and the character: ed f
the size: 3836the id: 3064 and the character: ear 
the size: 3837the id: 476 and the character: and 
the size: 3838the id: 2763 and the character: dis
the size: 3839the id: 1354 and the character: gu
the size: 3840the id: 329 and the character: st
the size: 3841the id: 364 and the character: . 
the size: 3842the id: 3781 and the character: Go
the size: 3843the id: 303 and the character: ld
the size: 3844the id: 3783 and the character: ste
the size: 3845the id: 799 and the character: in w
the size: 3846the id: 3159 and the character: as th
the size: 3847the id: 3302 and the character: e r
the size: 3848the id: 2198 and the character: ene
the size: 3849the id: 1011 and the character: ga
the size: 3850the id: 1043 and the character: de 
the size: 3851the id: 2371 and the character: and b
the size: 3852the id: 2999 and the character: ack
the size: 3853the id: 2764 and the character: sl
the size: 3854the id: 1189 and the character: ide
the size: 3855the id: 3678 and the character: r w
the size: 3856the id: 2879 and the character: ho 
the size: 3857the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 3858the id: 3485 and the character: ce,
the size: 3859the id: 1217 and the character:  lo
the size: 3860the id: 3507 and the character: ng a
the size: 3861the id: 698 and the character: go
the size: 3862the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3863the id: 40 and the character: (
the size: 3864the id: 3521 and the character: how 
the size: 3865the id: 2972 and the character: lon
the size: 3866the id: 2856 and the character: g a
the size: 3867the id: 698 and the character: go
the size: 3868the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 3869the id: 2202 and the character: nob
the size: 3870the id: 1652 and the character: od
the size: 3871the id: 285 and the character: y 
the size: 3872the id: 2968 and the character: qui
the size: 3873the id: 615 and the character: te 
the size: 3874the id: 692 and the character: rem
the size: 3875the id: 1208 and the character: em
the size: 3876the id: 305 and the character: be
the size: 3877the id: 679 and the character: red
the size: 3878the id: 41 and the character: )
the size: 3879the id: 3795 and the character: , ha
the size: 3880the id: 1271 and the character: d bee
the size: 3881the id: 2513 and the character: n o
the size: 3882the id: 1654 and the character: ne o
the size: 3883the id: 2710 and the character: f the 
the size: 3884the id: 327 and the character: le
the size: 3885the id: 544 and the character: ad
the size: 3886the id: 1598 and the character: ing f
the size: 3887the id: 448 and the character: ig
the size: 3888the id: 465 and the character: ure
the size: 3889the id: 2891 and the character: s of 
the size: 3890the id: 624 and the character: the 
the size: 3891the id: 3172 and the character: Par
the size: 3892the id: 2895 and the character: ty, 
the size: 3893the id: 3342 and the character: almo
the size: 3894the id: 2736 and the character: st o
the size: 3895the id: 917 and the character: n a 
the size: 3896the id: 2416 and the character: lev
the size: 3897the id: 3051 and the character: el 
the size: 3898the id: 1074 and the character: with 
the size: 3899the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 3900the id: 3721 and the character: ig 
the size: 3901the id: 3101 and the character: Br
the size: 3902the id: 577 and the character: ot
the size: 3903the id: 2757 and the character: her h
the size: 3904the id: 491 and the character: im
the size: 3905the id: 1968 and the character: self
the size: 3906the id: 1138 and the character: , and 
the size: 3907the id: 1769 and the character: then 
the size: 3908the id: 1285 and the character: had 
the size: 3909the id: 335 and the character: en
the size: 3910the id: 1011 and the character: ga
the size: 3911the id: 1184 and the character: ged
the size: 3912the id: 1802 and the character:  in 
the size: 3913the id: 1308 and the character: cou
the size: 3914the id: 3490 and the character: nte
the size: 3915the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3916the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 3917the id: 277 and the character: re
the size: 3918the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 3919the id: 384 and the character: ol
the size: 3920the id: 1811 and the character: uti
the size: 3921the id: 280 and the character: on
the size: 3922the id: 2375 and the character: ary 
the size: 3923the id: 1315 and the character: act
the size: 3924the id: 3273 and the character: ivi
the size: 3925the id: 472 and the character: ti
the size: 3926the id: 781 and the character: es
the size: 3927the id: 3880 and the character: , had
the size: 3928the id: 494 and the character:  be
the size: 3929the id: 413 and the character: en 
the size: 3930the id: 687 and the character: con
the size: 3931the id: 264 and the character: de
the size: 3932the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 3933the id: 2384 and the character: ned t
the size: 3934the id: 378 and the character: o 
the size: 3935the id: 317 and the character: dea
the size: 3936the id: 755 and the character: th,
the size: 3937the id: 1786 and the character:  and h
the size: 3938the id: 2262 and the character: ad m
the size: 3939the id: 904 and the character: ys
the size: 3940the id: 678 and the character: ter
the size: 3941the id: 3270 and the character: ious
the size: 3942the id: 1611 and the character: ly e
the size: 3943the id: 2701 and the character: sca
the size: 3944the id: 664 and the character: ped
the size: 3945the id: 1590 and the character:  and d
the size: 3946the id: 3256 and the character: isa
the size: 3947the id: 3218 and the character: ppea
the size: 3948the id: 679 and the character: red
the size: 3949the id: 3003 and the character: . The 
the size: 3950the id: 2218 and the character: pro
the size: 3951the id: 402 and the character: gr
the size: 3952the id: 361 and the character: am
the size: 3953the id: 429 and the character: me
the size: 3954the id: 3890 and the character: s of t
the size: 3955the id: 2492 and the character: he T
the size: 3956the id: 3616 and the character: wo M
the size: 3957the id: 3618 and the character: inu
the size: 3958the id: 604 and the character: tes
the size: 3959the id: 1569 and the character:  H
the size: 3960the id: 914 and the character: ate 
the size: 3961the id: 1406 and the character: va
the size: 3962the id: 1396 and the character: rie
the size: 3963the id: 680 and the character: d f
the size: 3964the id: 1136 and the character: rom 
the size: 3965the id: 2377 and the character: day
the size: 3966the id: 1328 and the character:  to d
the size: 3967the id: 903 and the character: ay
the size: 3968the id: 3486 and the character: , but 
the size: 3969the id: 2354 and the character: ther
the size: 3970the id: 1960 and the character: e was 
the size: 3971the id: 576 and the character: no
the size: 3972the id: 1647 and the character: ne 
the size: 3973the id: 799 and the character: in w
the size: 3974the id: 3282 and the character: hic
the size: 3975the id: 479 and the character: h 
the size: 3976the id: 3843 and the character: Gol
the size: 3977the id: 1458 and the character: ds
the size: 3978the id: 266 and the character: te
the size: 3979the id: 3846 and the character: in wa
the size: 3980the id: 1084 and the character: s n
the size: 3981the id: 1118 and the character: ot 
the size: 3982the id: 2118 and the character: the pr
the size: 3983the id: 843 and the character: inc
the size: 3984the id: 662 and the character: ip
the size: 3985the id: 1317 and the character: al 
the size: 3986the id: 340 and the character: fi
the size: 3987the id: 1354 and the character: gu
the size: 3988the id: 3139 and the character: re.
the size: 3989the id: 2779 and the character:  He 
the size: 3990the id: 574 and the character: was 
the size: 3991the id: 3983 and the character: the pri
the size: 3992the id: 733 and the character: mal
the size: 3993the id: 691 and the character:  tr
the size: 3994the id: 291 and the character: ai
the size: 3995the id: 528 and the character: to
the size: 3996the id: 948 and the character: r,
the size: 3997the id: 722 and the character:  the 
the size: 3998the id: 2843 and the character: earl
the size: 3999the id: 2910 and the character: ies
the size: 4000the id: 3350 and the character: t de
the size: 4001the id: 2993 and the character: fil
the size: 4002the id: 3107 and the character: er of 
the size: 4003the id: 3891 and the character: the P
the size: 4004the id: 3112 and the character: arty
the size: 4005the id: 3391 and the character: 's p
the size: 4006the id: 3269 and the character: uri
the size: 4007the id: 337 and the character: ty
the size: 4008the id: 566 and the character: . A
the size: 4009the id: 734 and the character: ll 
the size: 4010the id: 390 and the character: su
the size: 4011the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 4012the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 4013the id: 3395 and the character: que
the size: 4014the id: 984 and the character: nt 
the size: 4015the id: 550 and the character: cr
the size: 4016the id: 2732 and the character: imes 
the size: 4017the id: 3465 and the character: aga
the size: 4018the id: 3327 and the character: inst
the size: 4019the id: 2892 and the character:  the P
the size: 4020the id: 3112 and the character: arty
the size: 4021the id: 455 and the character: , a
the size: 4022the id: 734 and the character: ll 
the size: 4023the id: 2470 and the character: tr
the size: 4024the id: 2221 and the character: eac
the size: 4025the id: 1849 and the character: her
the size: 4026the id: 2910 and the character: ies
the size: 4027the id: 455 and the character: , a
the size: 4028the id: 268 and the character: ct
the size: 4029the id: 2900 and the character: s of s
the size: 4030the id: 357 and the character: abo
the size: 4031the id: 290 and the character: ta
the size: 4032the id: 1594 and the character: ge, 
the size: 4033the id: 2097 and the character: here
the size: 4034the id: 447 and the character: si
the size: 4035the id: 3927 and the character: es,
the size: 4036the id: 723 and the character:  de
the size: 4037the id: 3596 and the character: vi
the size: 4038the id: 2488 and the character: ati
the size: 4039the id: 1468 and the character: ons
the size: 4040the id: 432 and the character: , s
the size: 4041the id: 461 and the character: pr
the size: 4042the id: 1183 and the character: ang
the size: 4043the id: 612 and the character:  di
the size: 4044the id: 3303 and the character: rec
the size: 4045the id: 3598 and the character: tly 
the size: 4046the id: 3714 and the character: out 
the size: 4047the id: 1491 and the character: of h
the size: 4048the id: 650 and the character: is 
the size: 4049the id: 543 and the character: tea
the size: 4050the id: 2652 and the character: chin
the size: 4051the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 4052the id: 3447 and the character: . So
the size: 4053the id: 1670 and the character: mew
the size: 4054the id: 2795 and the character: here 
the size: 4055the id: 694 and the character: or 
the size: 4056the id: 3903 and the character: oth
the size: 4057the id: 1404 and the character: er h
the size: 4058the id: 1960 and the character: e was 
the size: 4059the id: 3074 and the character: sti
the size: 4060the id: 3071 and the character: ll a
the size: 4061the id: 869 and the character: li
the size: 4062the id: 2872 and the character: ve a
the size: 4063the id: 866 and the character: nd h
the size: 4064the id: 1431 and the character: atch
the size: 4065the id: 3320 and the character: ing hi
the size: 4066the id: 1994 and the character: s co
the size: 4067the id: 1333 and the character: ns
the size: 4068the id: 907 and the character: pi
the size: 4069the id: 551 and the character: ra
the size: 4070the id: 563 and the character: ci
the size: 4071the id: 781 and the character: es
the size: 4072the id: 1125 and the character: : 
the size: 4073the id: 3416 and the character: perh
the size: 4074the id: 520 and the character: ap
the size: 4075the id: 1790 and the character: s s
the size: 4076the id: 482 and the character: ome
the size: 4077the id: 3083 and the character: where
the size: 4078the id: 494 and the character:  be
the size: 4079the id: 3286 and the character: yon
the size: 4080the id: 987 and the character: d the 
the size: 4081the id: 433 and the character: se
the size: 4082the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 4083the id: 320 and the character: , 
the size: 4084the id: 1050 and the character: unde
the size: 4085the id: 961 and the character: r t
the size: 4086the id: 411 and the character: he p
the size: 4087the id: 745 and the character: rot
the size: 4088the id: 2548 and the character: ect
the size: 4089the id: 2489 and the character: ion 
the size: 4090the id: 4048 and the character: of hi
the size: 4091the id: 847 and the character: s f
the size: 4092the id: 1401 and the character: ore
the size: 4093the id: 448 and the character: ig
the size: 4094the id: 293 and the character: n 
the size: 4095the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 256the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 257the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 258the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 259the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 260the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 261the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 262the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 263the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 264the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 265the id: 44 and the character: ,
the size: 266the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 267the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 268the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 269the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 270the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 271the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 272the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 273the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 274the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 275the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 276the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 277the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 278the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 279the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 280the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 281the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 282the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 283the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 284the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 285the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 286the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 287the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 288the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 289the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 290the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 291the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 292the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 293the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 294the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 295the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 296the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 297the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 298the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 299the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 300the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 301the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 302the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 303the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 304the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 305the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 306the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 307the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 308the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 309the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 310the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 311the id: 279 and the character:  -
the size: 312the id: 281 and the character: - 
the size: 313the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 314the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 315the id: 283 and the character: so
the size: 316the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 317the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 318the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 319the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 320the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 321the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 322the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 323the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 324the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 325the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 326the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 327the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 328the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 329the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 330the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 331the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 332the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 333the id: 329 and the character: ce
the size: 334the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 335the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 336the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 337the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 338the id: 285 and the character:  i
the size: 339the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 340the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 341the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 342the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 343the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 344the id: 46 and the character: .
the size: 345the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 346the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 347the id: 87 and the character: W
the size: 348the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 349the id: 261 and the character: st
the size: 350the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 351the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 352the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 353the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 354the id: 271 and the character: ap
the size: 355the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 356the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 357the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 358the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 359the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 360the id: 288 and the character:  w
the size: 361the id: 290 and the character: as 
the size: 362the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 363the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 364the id: 261 and the character: st
the size: 365the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 366the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 367the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 368the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 369the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 370the id: 46 and the character: .
the size: 371the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 372the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 373the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 374the id: 363 and the character: co
the size: 375the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 376the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 377the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 378the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 379the id: 275 and the character: ev
the size: 380the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 381the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 382the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 383the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 384the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 385the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 386the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 387the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 388the id: 328 and the character: ac
the size: 389the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 390the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 391the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 392the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 393the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 394the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 395the id: 377 and the character: ld
the size: 396the id: 261 and the character: st
the size: 397the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 398the id: 331 and the character: in 
the size: 399the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 400the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 401the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 402the id: 307 and the character: ou
the size: 403the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 404the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 405the id: 256 and the character: pa
the size: 406the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 407the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 408the id: 376 and the character: ul
the size: 409the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 410the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 411the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 412the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 413the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 414the id: 308 and the character: ur
the size: 415the id: 390 and the character: e o
the size: 416the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 417the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 418the id: 306 and the character: mo
the size: 419the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 420the id: 296 and the character: io
the size: 421the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 422the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 423the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 424the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 425the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 426the id: 289 and the character: wa
the size: 427the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 428the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 429the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 430the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 431the id: 335 and the character: an
the size: 432the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 433the id: 74 and the character: J
the size: 434the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 435the id: 400 and the character: wi
the size: 436the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 437the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 438the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 439the id: 388 and the character: fa
the size: 440the id: 329 and the character: ce
the size: 441the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 442the id: 400 and the character: wi
the size: 443the id: 385 and the character: th
the size: 444the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 445the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 446the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 447the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 448the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 449the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 450the id: 408 and the character: fu
the size: 451the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 452the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 453the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 454the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 455the id: 415 and the character: ure
the size: 456the id: 395 and the character: ol
the size: 457the id: 416 and the character: e of
the size: 458the id: 288 and the character:  w
the size: 459the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 460the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 461the id: 319 and the character:  h
the size: 462the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 463the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 464the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 465the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 466the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 467the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 468the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 469the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 470the id: 259 and the character: ma
the size: 471the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 472the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 473the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 474the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 475the id: 449 and the character: at
the size: 476the id: 383 and the character: ee
the size: 477the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 478the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 479the id: 431 and the character: ea
the size: 480the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 481the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 482the id: 280 and the character: --
the size: 483the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 484the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 485the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 486the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 487the id: 276 and the character: ve
the size: 488the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 489the id: 440 and the character: fac
the size: 490the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 491the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 492the id: 335 and the character: an
the size: 493the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 494the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 495the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 496the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 497the id: 316 and the character: som
the size: 498the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 499the id: 402 and the character: ho
the size: 500the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 501the id: 285 and the character:  i
the size: 502the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 503the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 504the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 505the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 506the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 507the id: 301 and the character: ly
the size: 508the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 509the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 510the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 511the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 512the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 513the id: 367 and the character: ic
the size: 514the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 515the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 516the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 517the id: 442 and the character: , w
the size: 518the id: 401 and the character: ith
the size: 519the id: 484 and the character:  a 
the size: 520the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 521the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 522the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 523the id: 391 and the character: of
the size: 524the id: 382 and the character:  se
the size: 525the id: 336 and the character: ni
the size: 526the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 527the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 528the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 529the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 530the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 531the id: 511 and the character: es
the size: 532the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 533the id: 331 and the character: in 
the size: 534the id: 385 and the character: th
the size: 535the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 536the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 537the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 538the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 539the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 540the id: 385 and the character: th
the size: 541the id: 331 and the character: in 
the size: 542the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 543the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 544the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 545the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 546the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 547the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 548the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 549the id: 535 and the character: the
the size: 550the id: 274 and the character:  e
the size: 551the id: 467 and the character: nd
the size: 552the id: 291 and the character:  o
the size: 553the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 554the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 555the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 556the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 557the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 558the id: 405 and the character: a p
the size: 559the id: 463 and the character: ai
the size: 560the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 561the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 562the id: 512 and the character: sp
the size: 563the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 564the id: 368 and the character: ct
the size: 565the id: 328 and the character: ac
the size: 566the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 567the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 568the id: 427 and the character: was
the size: 569the id: 267 and the character:  p
the size: 570the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 571the id: 557 and the character: ch
the size: 572the id: 310 and the character: ed
the size: 573the id: 424 and the character: . I
the size: 574the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 575the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 576the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 577the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 578the id: 516 and the character: bl
the size: 579the id: 310 and the character: ed
the size: 580the id: 540 and the character:  t
the size: 581the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 582the id: 439 and the character:  f
the size: 583the id: 389 and the character: ace
the size: 584the id: 553 and the character:  of
the size: 585the id: 484 and the character:  a 
the size: 586the id: 437 and the character: sh
the size: 587the id: 383 and the character: ee
the size: 588the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 589the id: 492 and the character: , a
the size: 590the id: 552 and the character: nd 
the size: 591the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 592the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 593the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 594the id: 367 and the character: ic
the size: 595the id: 491 and the character: e,
the size: 596the id: 540 and the character:  t
the size: 597the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 598the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 599the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 600the id: 270 and the character: ha
the size: 601the id: 468 and the character: d a
the size: 602the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 603the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 604the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 605the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 606the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 607the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 608the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 609the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 610the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 611the id: 113 and the character: q
the size: 612the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 613the id: 299 and the character: al
the size: 614the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 615the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 616the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 617the id: 394 and the character: Go
the size: 618the id: 396 and the character: lds
the size: 619the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 620the id: 399 and the character: in w
the size: 621the id: 290 and the character: as 
the size: 622the id: 510 and the character: de
the size: 623the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 624the id: 488 and the character: ver
the size: 625the id: 323 and the character: ing
the size: 626the id: 319 and the character:  h
the size: 627the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 628the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 629the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 630the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 631the id: 613 and the character: ua
the size: 632the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 633the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 634the id: 276 and the character: ve
the size: 635the id: 543 and the character: no
the size: 636the id: 306 and the character: mo
the size: 637the id: 630 and the character: us
the size: 638the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 639the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 640the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 641the id: 328 and the character: ac
the size: 642the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 643the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 644the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 645the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 646the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 647the id: 581 and the character:  th
the size: 648the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 649the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 650the id: 292 and the character: oc
the size: 651the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 652the id: 366 and the character: ri
the size: 653the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 654the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 655the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 656the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 657the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 658the id: 548 and the character: ar
the size: 659the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 660the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 661the id: 483 and the character: -- 
the size: 662the id: 432 and the character: an 
the size: 663the id: 449 and the character: at
the size: 664the id: 641 and the character: ta
the size: 665the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 666the id: 643 and the character: k 
the size: 667the id: 283 and the character: so
the size: 668the id: 274 and the character:  e
the size: 669the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 670the id: 358 and the character: ag
the size: 671the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 672the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 673the id: 476 and the character: ate
the size: 674the id: 468 and the character: d a
the size: 675the id: 552 and the character: nd 
the size: 676the id: 268 and the character: pe
the size: 677the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 678the id: 488 and the character: ver
the size: 679the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 680the id: 581 and the character:  th
the size: 681the id: 449 and the character: at
the size: 682the id: 484 and the character:  a 
the size: 683the id: 557 and the character: ch
the size: 684the id: 529 and the character: il
the size: 685the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 686the id: 437 and the character: sh
the size: 687the id: 307 and the character: ou
the size: 688the id: 377 and the character: ld
the size: 689the id: 462 and the character:  ha
the size: 690the id: 276 and the character: ve
the size: 691the id: 478 and the character:  b
the size: 692the id: 383 and the character: ee
the size: 693the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 694the id: 515 and the character: ab
the size: 695the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 696the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 697the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 698the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 699the id: 384 and the character: e t
the size: 700the id: 356 and the character: hr
the size: 701the id: 307 and the character: ou
the size: 702the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 703the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 704the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 705the id: 590 and the character: , an
the size: 706the id: 494 and the character: d y
the size: 707the id: 496 and the character: et
the size: 708the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 709the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 710the id: 630 and the character: us
the size: 711the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 712the id: 326 and the character: pl
the size: 713the id: 455 and the character: au
the size: 714the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 715the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 716the id: 579 and the character: ble
the size: 717the id: 551 and the character:  en
the size: 718the id: 702 and the character: oug
the size: 719the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 720the id: 697 and the character: to
the size: 721the id: 439 and the character:  f
the size: 722the id: 529 and the character: il
the size: 723the id: 633 and the character: l 
the size: 724the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 725the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 726the id: 443 and the character: wit
the size: 727the id: 558 and the character: h a
the size: 728the id: 694 and the character: n a
the size: 729the id: 327 and the character: la
the size: 730the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 731the id: 317 and the character: me
the size: 732the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 733the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 734the id: 383 and the character: ee
the size: 735the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 736the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 737the id: 539 and the character: g 
the size: 738the id: 385 and the character: th
the size: 739the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 740the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 741the id: 535 and the character: the
the size: 742the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 743the id: 268 and the character: pe
the size: 744the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 745the id: 326 and the character: pl
the size: 746the id: 596 and the character: e, 
the size: 747the id: 567 and the character: les
the size: 748the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 749the id: 487 and the character: lev
the size: 750the id: 342 and the character: el
the size: 751the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 752the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 753the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 754the id: 510 and the character: de
the size: 755the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 756the id: 739 and the character: tha
the size: 757the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 758the id: 725 and the character: one
the size: 759the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 760the id: 343 and the character: lf
the size: 761the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 762the id: 411 and the character: mi
the size: 763the id: 703 and the character: gh
the size: 764the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 765the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 766the id: 540 and the character:  t
the size: 767the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 768the id: 610 and the character: ke
the size: 769the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 770the id: 331 and the character: in 
the size: 771the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 772the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 773the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 774the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 775the id: 373 and the character: He
the size: 776the id: 361 and the character:  wa
the size: 777the id: 428 and the character: s a
the size: 778the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 779the id: 630 and the character: us
the size: 780the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 781the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 782the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 783the id: 539 and the character: g 
the size: 784the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 785the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 786the id: 741 and the character: ot
the size: 787the id: 504 and the character: her
the size: 788the id: 600 and the character: , h
the size: 789the id: 726 and the character: e w
the size: 790the id: 622 and the character: as d
the size: 791the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 792the id: 307 and the character: ou
the size: 793the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 794the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 795the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 796the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 797the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 798the id: 565 and the character: cta
the size: 799the id: 697 and the character: to
the size: 800the id: 264 and the character: rs
the size: 801the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 802the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 803the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 804the id: 657 and the character: the P
the size: 805the id: 659 and the character: art
the size: 806the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 807the id: 789 and the character: , he
the size: 808the id: 777 and the character:  was
the size: 809the id: 509 and the character:  d
the size: 810the id: 418 and the character: em
the size: 811the id: 493 and the character: and
the size: 812the id: 796 and the character: ing t
the size: 813the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 814the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 815the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 816the id: 732 and the character: med
the size: 817the id: 337 and the character: ia
the size: 818the id: 461 and the character: te 
the size: 819the id: 363 and the character: co
the size: 820the id: 794 and the character: nc
the size: 821the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 822the id: 780 and the character: usi
the size: 823the id: 647 and the character: on 
the size: 824the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 825the id: 268 and the character: pe
the size: 826the id: 584 and the character: ace 
the size: 827the id: 727 and the character: with
the size: 828the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 829the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 830the id: 308 and the character: ur
the size: 831the id: 295 and the character: asi
the size: 832the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 833the id: 808 and the character: , he 
the size: 834the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 835the id: 754 and the character: ad
the size: 836the id: 593 and the character: vo
the size: 837the id: 294 and the character: ca
the size: 838the id: 420 and the character: ti
the size: 839the id: 737 and the character: ng
the size: 840the id: 439 and the character:  f
the size: 841the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 842the id: 310 and the character: ed
the size: 843the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 844the id: 360 and the character: m 
the size: 845the id: 562 and the character: of s
the size: 846the id: 268 and the character: pe
the size: 847the id: 564 and the character: ec
the size: 848the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 849the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 850the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 851the id: 842 and the character: ree
the size: 852the id: 650 and the character: do
the size: 853the id: 845 and the character: m o
the size: 854the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 855the id: 657 and the character: the P
the size: 856the id: 576 and the character: res
the size: 857the id: 265 and the character: s,
the size: 858the id: 841 and the character:  fr
the size: 859the id: 383 and the character: ee
the size: 860the id: 853 and the character: dom
the size: 861the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 862the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 863the id: 577 and the character: sem
the size: 864the id: 516 and the character: bl
the size: 865the id: 807 and the character: y,
the size: 866the id: 859 and the character:  fre
the size: 867the id: 843 and the character: edo
the size: 868the id: 854 and the character: m of
the size: 869the id: 581 and the character:  th
the size: 870the id: 719 and the character: ough
the size: 871the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 872the id: 834 and the character: , he w
the size: 873the id: 362 and the character: as c
the size: 874the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 875the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 876the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 877the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 878the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 879the id: 397 and the character: ste
the size: 880the id: 366 and the character: ri
the size: 881the id: 294 and the character: ca
the size: 882the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 883the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 884the id: 739 and the character: tha
the size: 885the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 886the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 887the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 888the id: 593 and the character: vo
the size: 889the id: 822 and the character: lu
the size: 890the id: 420 and the character: ti
the size: 891the id: 647 and the character: on 
the size: 892the id: 601 and the character: had
the size: 893the id: 692 and the character:  be
the size: 894the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 895the id: 692 and the character:  be
the size: 896the id: 652 and the character: tr
the size: 897the id: 257 and the character: ay
the size: 898the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 899the id: 662 and the character: -- a
the size: 900the id: 552 and the character: nd 
the size: 901the id: 299 and the character: al
the size: 902the id: 633 and the character: l 
the size: 903the id: 541 and the character: thi
the size: 904the id: 533 and the character: s i
the size: 905the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 906the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 907the id: 513 and the character: pi
the size: 908the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 909the id: 646 and the character: po
the size: 910the id: 301 and the character: ly
the size: 911the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 912the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 913the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 914the id: 515 and the character: ab
the size: 915the id: 367 and the character: ic
the size: 916the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 917the id: 847 and the character: pee
the size: 918the id: 557 and the character: ch
the size: 919the id: 459 and the character:  wh
the size: 920the id: 367 and the character: ic
the size: 921the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 922the id: 835 and the character: was a
the size: 923the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 924the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 925the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 926the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 927the id: 825 and the character: of p
the size: 928the id: 548 and the character: ar
the size: 929the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 930the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 931the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 932the id: 656 and the character: of t
the size: 933the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 934the id: 270 and the character: ha
the size: 935the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 936the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 937the id: 632 and the character: ual
the size: 938the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 939the id: 660 and the character: ty
the size: 940the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 941the id: 933 and the character: of th
the size: 942the id: 390 and the character: e o
the size: 943the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 944the id: 800 and the character: tor
the size: 945the id: 655 and the character: s o
the size: 946the id: 855 and the character: f t
the size: 947the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 948the id: 658 and the character: Pa
the size: 949the id: 926 and the character: rt
the size: 950the id: 866 and the character: y, 
the size: 951the id: 493 and the character: and
the size: 952the id: 274 and the character:  e
the size: 953the id: 635 and the character: ven
the size: 954the id: 485 and the character:  c
the size: 955the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 956the id: 641 and the character: ta
the size: 957the id: 531 and the character: ine
the size: 958the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 959the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 960the id: 435 and the character: ew
the size: 961the id: 563 and the character: spe
the size: 962the id: 768 and the character: ak
the size: 963the id: 288 and the character:  w
the size: 964the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 965the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 966the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 967the id: 58 and the character: :
the size: 968the id: 410 and the character:  m
the size: 969the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 970the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 971the id: 960 and the character: Ne
the size: 972the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 973the id: 962 and the character: spea
the size: 974the id: 643 and the character: k 
the size: 975the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 976the id: 965 and the character: ord
the size: 977the id: 858 and the character: s, 
the size: 978the id: 522 and the character: ind
the size: 979the id: 860 and the character: eed
the size: 980the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 981the id: 757 and the character: than
the size: 982the id: 466 and the character:  an
the size: 983the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 984the id: 949 and the character: Par
the size: 985the id: 660 and the character: ty
the size: 986the id: 410 and the character:  m
the size: 987the id: 418 and the character: em
the size: 988the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 989the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 990the id: 976 and the character: wo
the size: 991the id: 376 and the character: ul
the size: 992the id: 378 and the character: d n
the size: 993the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 994the id: 471 and the character: mal
the size: 995the id: 508 and the character: ly 
the size: 996the id: 630 and the character: us
the size: 997the id: 330 and the character: e i
the size: 998the id: 906 and the character: n r
the size: 999the id: 431 and the character: ea
the size: 1000the id: 633 and the character: l 
the size: 1001the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 1002the id: 734 and the character: fe
the size: 1003the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 1004the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 1005the id: 901 and the character: nd a
the size: 1006the id: 472 and the character: ll 
the size: 1007the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1008the id: 555 and the character: wh
the size: 1009the id: 529 and the character: il
the size: 1010the id: 747 and the character: e, l
the size: 1011the id: 511 and the character: es
the size: 1012the id: 927 and the character: t o
the size: 1013the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 1014the id: 603 and the character:  sh
the size: 1015the id: 688 and the character: oul
the size: 1016the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 1017the id: 766 and the character: be 
the size: 1018the id: 331 and the character: in 
the size: 1019the id: 335 and the character: an
the size: 1020the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 1021the id: 650 and the character: do
the size: 1022the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1023the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1024the id: 404 and the character: t a
the size: 1025the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 1026the id: 721 and the character: to 
the size: 1027the id: 887 and the character: the r
the size: 1028the id: 1000 and the character: eal
the size: 1029the id: 615 and the character: ity
the size: 1030the id: 920 and the character:  whi
the size: 1031the id: 919 and the character: ch 
the size: 1032the id: 618 and the character: Gol
the size: 1033the id: 966 and the character: ds
the size: 1034the id: 620 and the character: tei
the size: 1035the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1036the id: 352 and the character: 's
the size: 1037the id: 917 and the character:  sp
the size: 1038the id: 564 and the character: ec
the size: 1039the id: 296 and the character: io
the size: 1040the id: 638 and the character: us 
the size: 1041the id: 486 and the character: cl
the size: 1042the id: 271 and the character: ap
the size: 1043the id: 897 and the character: tra
the size: 1044the id: 803 and the character: p 
the size: 1045the id: 363 and the character: co
the size: 1046the id: 488 and the character: ver
the size: 1047the id: 310 and the character: ed
the size: 1048the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 1049the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 1050the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 1051the id: 552 and the character: nd 
the size: 1052the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 1053the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 1054the id: 753 and the character: hea
the size: 1055the id: 523 and the character: d o
the size: 1056the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 1057the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1058the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 1059the id: 567 and the character: les
the size: 1060the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 1061the id: 842 and the character: ree
the size: 1062the id: 1057 and the character: n t
the size: 1063the id: 504 and the character: her
the size: 1064the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 1065the id: 259 and the character: ma
the size: 1066the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1067the id: 572 and the character: che
the size: 1068the id: 756 and the character: d t
the size: 1069the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 1070the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 1071the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1072the id: 748 and the character: less
the size: 1073the id: 955 and the character:  co
the size: 1074the id: 822 and the character: lu
the size: 1075the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1076the id: 422 and the character: ns
the size: 1077the id: 804 and the character:  of t
the size: 1078the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 1079the id: 830 and the character: Eu
the size: 1080the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 1081the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 1082the id: 663 and the character: an a
the size: 1083the id: 731 and the character: rm
the size: 1084the id: 661 and the character: y -
the size: 1085the id: 281 and the character: - 
the size: 1086the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 1087the id: 501 and the character: w 
the size: 1088the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 1089the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1090the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 1091the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 1092the id: 1087 and the character: row
the size: 1093the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 1094the id: 283 and the character: so
the size: 1095the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 1096the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1097the id: 607 and the character: -l
the size: 1098the id: 598 and the character: oo
the size: 1099the id: 521 and the character: ki
the size: 1100the id: 840 and the character: ng 
the size: 1101the id: 317 and the character: me
the size: 1102the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 1103the id: 828 and the character: with 
the size: 1104the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1105the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 1106the id: 112 and the character: p
the size: 1107the id: 857 and the character: ress
the size: 1108the id: 421 and the character: ion
the size: 1109the id: 1073 and the character: less 
the size: 1110the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 1111the id: 1082 and the character: sia
the size: 1112the id: 420 and the character: ti
the size: 1113the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 1114the id: 583 and the character:  fa
the size: 1115the id: 329 and the character: ce
the size: 1116the id: 858 and the character: s, 
the size: 1117the id: 555 and the character: wh
the size: 1118the id: 698 and the character: o s
the size: 1119the id: 289 and the character: wa
the size: 1120the id: 360 and the character: m 
the size: 1121the id: 645 and the character: up
the size: 1122the id: 597 and the character:  to
the size: 1123the id: 648 and the character:  the
the size: 1124the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 1125the id: 308 and the character: ur
the size: 1126the id: 490 and the character: face
the size: 1127the id: 1078 and the character:  of th
the size: 1128the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 1129the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1130the id: 1061 and the character: cr
the size: 1131the id: 693 and the character: een
the size: 1132the id: 466 and the character:  an
the size: 1133the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 1134the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 1135the id: 335 and the character: an
the size: 1136the id: 628 and the character: is
the size: 1137the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 1138the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1139the id: 981 and the character: , t
the size: 1140the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 1141the id: 766 and the character: be 
the size: 1142the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 1143the id: 713 and the character: pla
the size: 1144the id: 329 and the character: ce
the size: 1145the id: 1017 and the character: d b
the size: 1146the id: 932 and the character: y o
the size: 1147the id: 742 and the character: ther
the size: 1148the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 1149the id: 1105 and the character: ex
the size: 1150the id: 328 and the character: ac
the size: 1151the id: 507 and the character: tl
the size: 1152the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 1153the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 1154the id: 411 and the character: mi
the size: 1155the id: 730 and the character: lar
the size: 1156the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 1157the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 1158the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 1159the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1160the id: 376 and the character: ul
the size: 1161the id: 633 and the character: l 
the size: 1162the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1163the id: 878 and the character: hy
the size: 1164the id: 385 and the character: th
the size: 1165the id: 411 and the character: mi
the size: 1166the id: 1114 and the character: c 
the size: 1167the id: 897 and the character: tra
the size: 1168the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1169the id: 803 and the character: p 
the size: 1170the id: 942 and the character: of the
the size: 1171the id: 924 and the character:  so
the size: 1172the id: 377 and the character: ld
the size: 1173the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1174the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 1175the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1176the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 1177the id: 478 and the character:  b
the size: 1178the id: 598 and the character: oo
the size: 1179the id: 340 and the character: ts
the size: 1180the id: 439 and the character:  f
the size: 1181the id: 994 and the character: orm
the size: 1182the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 1183the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1184the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1185the id: 642 and the character: ack
the size: 1186the id: 447 and the character: gr
the size: 1187the id: 793 and the character: oun
the size: 1188the id: 756 and the character: d t
the size: 1189the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 1190the id: 1033 and the character: Gold
the size: 1191the id: 397 and the character: ste
the size: 1192the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 1193the id: 1037 and the character: 's 
the size: 1194the id: 579 and the character: ble
the size: 1195the id: 449 and the character: at
the size: 1196the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 1197the id: 593 and the character: vo
the size: 1198the id: 595 and the character: ice
the size: 1199the id: 345 and the character: .

the size: 1200the id: 10 and the character: 

the size: 1201the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 1202the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1203the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1204the id: 970 and the character: ore
the size: 1205the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 1206the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 1207the id: 476 and the character: ate
the size: 1208the id: 462 and the character:  ha
the size: 1209the id: 909 and the character: d p
the size: 1210the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 1211the id: 329 and the character: ce
the size: 1212the id: 310 and the character: ed
the size: 1213the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 1214the id: 1204 and the character: fo
the size: 1215the id: 549 and the character: r t
the size: 1216the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 1217the id: 950 and the character: rty
the size: 1218the id: 382 and the character:  se
the size: 1219the id: 820 and the character: con
the size: 1220the id: 966 and the character: ds
the size: 1221the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 1222the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1223the id: 794 and the character: nc
the size: 1224the id: 956 and the character: ont
the size: 1225the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 1226the id: 914 and the character: lla
the size: 1227the id: 717 and the character: ble 
the size: 1228the id: 1105 and the character: ex
the size: 1229the id: 1042 and the character: cla
the size: 1230the id: 259 and the character: ma
the size: 1231the id: 891 and the character: tio
the size: 1232the id: 1077 and the character: ns 
the size: 1233the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 1234the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 1235the id: 672 and the character: ge
the size: 1236the id: 288 and the character:  w
the size: 1237the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 1238the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 1239the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1240the id: 448 and the character: rea
the size: 1241the id: 1100 and the character: kin
the size: 1242the id: 539 and the character: g 
the size: 1243the id: 403 and the character: out
the size: 1244the id: 841 and the character:  fr
the size: 1245the id: 844 and the character: om
the size: 1246the id: 462 and the character:  ha
the size: 1247the id: 343 and the character: lf
the size: 1248the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 1249the id: 744 and the character: peo
the size: 1250the id: 746 and the character: ple
the size: 1251the id: 502 and the character:  in
the size: 1252the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 1253the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 1254the id: 844 and the character: om
the size: 1255the id: 1157 and the character: . T
the size: 1256the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 1257the id: 760 and the character: sel
the size: 1258the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1259the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 1260the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1261the id: 1196 and the character: ati
the size: 1262the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1263the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1264the id: 1174 and the character: ie
the size: 1265the id: 686 and the character: d s
the size: 1266the id: 604 and the character: hee
the size: 1267the id: 606 and the character: p-
the size: 1268the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 1269the id: 610 and the character: ke
the size: 1270the id: 1115 and the character:  fac
the size: 1271the id: 390 and the character: e o
the size: 1272the id: 1063 and the character: n th
the size: 1273the id: 1129 and the character: e s
the size: 1274the id: 1131 and the character: cre
the size: 1275the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 1276the id: 706 and the character: , and
the size: 1277the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 1278the id: 1091 and the character: ter
the size: 1279the id: 366 and the character: ri
the size: 1280the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1281the id: 876 and the character: yi
the size: 1282the id: 840 and the character: ng 
the size: 1283the id: 646 and the character: po
the size: 1284the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 1285the id: 381 and the character: er 
the size: 1286the id: 1171 and the character: of the 
the size: 1287the id: 1080 and the character: Eur
the size: 1288the id: 832 and the character: asia
the size: 1289the id: 694 and the character: n a
the size: 1290the id: 1084 and the character: rmy
the size: 1291the id: 692 and the character:  be
the size: 1292the id: 1051 and the character: hin
the size: 1293the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 1294the id: 705 and the character: it,
the size: 1295the id: 1237 and the character:  we
the size: 1296the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 1297the id: 597 and the character:  to
the size: 1298the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 1299the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1300the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1301the id: 919 and the character: ch 
the size: 1302the id: 721 and the character: to 
the size: 1303the id: 766 and the character: be 
the size: 1304the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1305the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 1306the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 1307the id: 968 and the character: : 
the size: 1308the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 1309the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 1310the id: 510 and the character: de
the size: 1311the id: 858 and the character: s, 
the size: 1312the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1313the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 1314the id: 764 and the character: ght
the size: 1315the id: 291 and the character:  o
the size: 1316the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 1317the id: 380 and the character: eve
the size: 1318the id: 1273 and the character: n the
the size: 1319the id: 870 and the character:  tho
the size: 1320the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1321the id: 1315 and the character: ght 
the size: 1322the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 1323the id: 1191 and the character: Golds
the size: 1324the id: 1035 and the character: tein
the size: 1325the id: 267 and the character:  p
the size: 1326the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 1327the id: 1160 and the character: du
the size: 1328the id: 1145 and the character: ced
the size: 1329the id: 439 and the character:  f
the size: 1330the id: 480 and the character: ear
the size: 1331the id: 1133 and the character:  and
the size: 1332the id: 466 and the character:  an
the size: 1333the id: 672 and the character: ge
the size: 1334the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 1335the id: 455 and the character: au
the size: 1336the id: 697 and the character: to
the size: 1337the id: 1231 and the character: mat
the size: 1338the id: 514 and the character: ica
the size: 1339the id: 883 and the character: lly
the size: 1340the id: 775 and the character: . H
the size: 1341the id: 790 and the character: e wa
the size: 1342the id: 428 and the character: s a
the size: 1343the id: 758 and the character: n o
the size: 1344the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 1345the id: 106 and the character: j
the size: 1346the id: 564 and the character: ec
the size: 1347the id: 927 and the character: t o
the size: 1348the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 1349the id: 270 and the character: ha
the size: 1350the id: 652 and the character: tr
the size: 1351the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 1352the id: 306 and the character: mo
the size: 1353the id: 1297 and the character: re 
the size: 1354the id: 820 and the character: con
the size: 1355the id: 261 and the character: st
the size: 1356the id: 335 and the character: an
the size: 1357the id: 886 and the character: t t
the size: 1358the id: 270 and the character: ha
the size: 1359the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 1360the id: 398 and the character: ei
the size: 1361the id: 742 and the character: ther
the size: 1362the id: 829 and the character:  E
the size: 1363the id: 831 and the character: ura
the size: 1364the id: 1082 and the character: sia
the size: 1365the id: 1316 and the character:  or
the size: 1366the id: 829 and the character:  E
the size: 1367the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 1368the id: 641 and the character: ta
the size: 1369the id: 1082 and the character: sia
the size: 1370the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 1371the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 1372the id: 794 and the character: nc
the size: 1373the id: 726 and the character: e w
the size: 1374the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 1375the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 1376the id: 333 and the character: Oc
the size: 1377the id: 431 and the character: ea
the size: 1378the id: 336 and the character: ni
the size: 1379the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 1380the id: 835 and the character: was a
the size: 1381the id: 426 and the character: t w
the size: 1382the id: 548 and the character: ar
the size: 1383the id: 288 and the character:  w
the size: 1384the id: 519 and the character: ith 
the size: 1385the id: 725 and the character: one
the size: 1386the id: 1128 and the character:  of the
the size: 1387the id: 680 and the character: se 
the size: 1388the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 1389the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1390the id: 1285 and the character: we
the size: 1391the id: 264 and the character: rs
the size: 1392the id: 339 and the character:  it
the size: 1393the id: 809 and the character:  was 
the size: 1394the id: 672 and the character: ge
the size: 1395the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 1396the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 1397the id: 883 and the character: lly
the size: 1398the id: 639 and the character:  at
the size: 1399the id: 570 and the character:  pe
the size: 1400the id: 827 and the character: ace w
the size: 1401the id: 519 and the character: ith 
the size: 1402the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1403the id: 787 and the character: oth
the size: 1404the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 1405the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 1406the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 1407the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1408the id: 426 and the character: t w
the size: 1409the id: 1350 and the character: hat
the size: 1410the id: 809 and the character:  was 
the size: 1411the id: 365 and the character: str
the size: 1412the id: 335 and the character: an
the size: 1413the id: 1236 and the character: ge 
the size: 1414the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 1415the id: 885 and the character: that
the size: 1416the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 1417the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1418the id: 385 and the character: th
the size: 1419the id: 719 and the character: ough
the size: 1420the id: 393 and the character:  G
the size: 1421the id: 395 and the character: ol
the size: 1422the id: 1034 and the character: dst
the size: 1423the id: 398 and the character: ei
the size: 1424the id: 1103 and the character: n w
the size: 1425the id: 290 and the character: as 
the size: 1426the id: 1350 and the character: hat
the size: 1427the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 1428the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 1429the id: 1311 and the character: des
the size: 1430the id: 513 and the character: pi
the size: 1431the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 1432the id: 1146 and the character: d by
the size: 1433the id: 953 and the character:  ev
the size: 1434the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 1435the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 1436the id: 1305 and the character: bo
the size: 1437the id: 931 and the character: dy
the size: 1438the id: 492 and the character: , a
the size: 1439the id: 1418 and the character: lt
the size: 1440the id: 402 and the character: ho
the size: 1441the id: 1321 and the character: ug
the size: 1442the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 1443the id: 380 and the character: eve
the size: 1444the id: 875 and the character: ry
the size: 1445the id: 509 and the character:  d
the size: 1446the id: 257 and the character: ay
the size: 1447the id: 1332 and the character:  and 
the size: 1448the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 1449the id: 1419 and the character: tho
the size: 1450the id: 630 and the character: us
the size: 1451the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 1452the id: 420 and the character: ti
the size: 1453the id: 317 and the character: me
the size: 1454the id: 428 and the character: s a
the size: 1455the id: 1446 and the character:  da
the size: 1456the id: 866 and the character: y, 
the size: 1457the id: 647 and the character: on 
the size: 1458the id: 713 and the character: pla
the size: 1459the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 1460the id: 1215 and the character: for
the size: 1461the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1462the id: 858 and the character: s, 
the size: 1463the id: 647 and the character: on 
the size: 1464the id: 1058 and the character: the t
the size: 1465the id: 342 and the character: el
the size: 1466the id: 511 and the character: es
the size: 1467the id: 1275 and the character: cree
the size: 1468the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1469the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 1470the id: 542 and the character: in n
the size: 1471the id: 961 and the character: ews
the size: 1472the id: 256 and the character: pa
the size: 1473the id: 677 and the character: per
the size: 1474the id: 978 and the character: s, i
the size: 1475the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 1476the id: 1305 and the character: bo
the size: 1477the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 1478the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1479the id: 858 and the character: s, 
the size: 1480the id: 1053 and the character: his
the size: 1481the id: 648 and the character:  the
the size: 1482the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 1483the id: 1174 and the character: ie
the size: 1484the id: 568 and the character: s w
the size: 1485the id: 1238 and the character: ere
the size: 1486the id: 303 and the character:  r
the size: 1487the id: 1203 and the character: ef
the size: 1488the id: 1408 and the character: ut
the size: 1489the id: 1048 and the character: ed,
the size: 1490the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 1491the id: 259 and the character: ma
the size: 1492the id: 587 and the character: she
the size: 1493the id: 1139 and the character: d,
the size: 1494the id: 303 and the character:  r
the size: 1495the id: 321 and the character: id
the size: 1496the id: 367 and the character: ic
the size: 1497the id: 376 and the character: ul
the size: 1498the id: 1490 and the character: ed, 
the size: 1499the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 1500the id: 689 and the character: ld 
the size: 1501the id: 1122 and the character: up 
the size: 1502the id: 1027 and the character: to t
the size: 1503the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 1504the id: 1395 and the character: gen
the size: 1505the id: 673 and the character: era
the size: 1506the id: 633 and the character: l 
the size: 1507the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1508the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 1509the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 1510the id: 387 and the character: e f
the size: 1511the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 1512the id: 1249 and the character:  the p
the size: 1513the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 1514the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1515the id: 408 and the character: fu
the size: 1516the id: 1162 and the character: l r
the size: 1517the id: 1023 and the character: ub
the size: 1518the id: 936 and the character: bi
the size: 1519the id: 437 and the character: sh
the size: 1520the id: 681 and the character:  tha
the size: 1521the id: 1358 and the character: t th
the size: 1522the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1523the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 1524the id: 1391 and the character: wer
the size: 1525the id: 998 and the character: e in
the size: 1526the id: 917 and the character:  sp
the size: 1527the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 1528the id: 458 and the character: e of 
the size: 1529the id: 902 and the character: all
the size: 1530the id: 581 and the character:  th
the size: 1531the id: 628 and the character: is
the size: 1532the id: 600 and the character: , h
the size: 1533the id: 628 and the character: is
the size: 1534the id: 502 and the character:  in
the size: 1535the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1536the id: 822 and the character: lu
the size: 1537the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 1538the id: 329 and the character: ce
the size: 1539the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1540the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 1541the id: 488 and the character: ver
the size: 1542the id: 382 and the character:  se
the size: 1543the id: 418 and the character: em
the size: 1544the id: 1183 and the character: ed t
the size: 1545the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 1546the id: 1187 and the character: gro
the size: 1547the id: 501 and the character: w 
the size: 1548the id: 748 and the character: less
the size: 1549the id: 1004 and the character: . A
the size: 1550the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 1551the id: 289 and the character: wa
the size: 1552the id: 879 and the character: ys
the size: 1553the id: 648 and the character:  the
the size: 1554the id: 1297 and the character: re 
the size: 1555the id: 1525 and the character: were
the size: 1556the id: 859 and the character:  fre
the size: 1557the id: 1520 and the character: sh 
the size: 1558the id: 1160 and the character: du
the size: 1559the id: 268 and the character: pe
the size: 1560the id: 568 and the character: s w
the size: 1561the id: 463 and the character: ai
the size: 1562the id: 839 and the character: tin
the size: 1563the id: 738 and the character: g t
the size: 1564the id: 1141 and the character: o b
the size: 1565the id: 1129 and the character: e s
the size: 1566the id: 310 and the character: ed
the size: 1567the id: 1301 and the character: uc
the size: 1568the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 1569the id: 772 and the character: by
the size: 1570the id: 627 and the character:  hi
the size: 1571the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 1572the id: 1004 and the character: . A
the size: 1573the id: 1456 and the character:  day
the size: 1574the id: 1540 and the character:  n
the size: 1575the id: 1444 and the character: ever
the size: 1576the id: 267 and the character:  p
the size: 1577the id: 863 and the character: ass
the size: 1578the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 1579the id: 555 and the character: wh
the size: 1580the id: 895 and the character: en 
the size: 1581the id: 512 and the character: sp
the size: 1582the id: 1484 and the character: ies
the size: 1583the id: 1332 and the character:  and 
the size: 1584the id: 1261 and the character: sa
the size: 1585the id: 1305 and the character: bo
the size: 1586the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 1587the id: 308 and the character: ur
the size: 1588the id: 428 and the character: s a
the size: 1589the id: 368 and the character: ct
the size: 1590the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 1591the id: 1223 and the character: un
the size: 1592the id: 510 and the character: de
the size: 1593the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 1594the id: 1481 and the character: his 
the size: 1595the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 1596the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 1597the id: 1590 and the character: cti
the size: 1598the id: 364 and the character: ons
the size: 1599the id: 1296 and the character:  wer
the size: 1600the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 1601the id: 543 and the character: no
the size: 1602the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 1603the id: 1223 and the character: un
the size: 1604the id: 1492 and the character: mas
the size: 1605the id: 610 and the character: ke
the size: 1606the id: 1433 and the character: d by 
the size: 1607the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1608the id: 1158 and the character: Th
the size: 1609the id: 871 and the character: ought
the size: 1610the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1611the id: 1389 and the character: Po
the size: 1612the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 1613the id: 329 and the character: ce
the size: 1614the id: 1341 and the character: . He
the size: 1615the id: 809 and the character:  was 
the size: 1616the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1617the id: 363 and the character: co
the size: 1618the id: 816 and the character: mm
the size: 1619the id: 493 and the character: and
the size: 1620the id: 1286 and the character: er o
the size: 1621the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 1622the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 1623the id: 1135 and the character: va
the size: 1624the id: 261 and the character: st
the size: 1625the id: 603 and the character:  sh
the size: 1626the id: 754 and the character: ad
the size: 1627the id: 1390 and the character: ow
the size: 1628the id: 454 and the character: y a
the size: 1629the id: 1084 and the character: rmy
the size: 1630the id: 590 and the character: , an
the size: 1631the id: 644 and the character:  u
the size: 1632the id: 467 and the character: nd
the size: 1633the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 1634the id: 1187 and the character: gro
the size: 1635the id: 1592 and the character: und
the size: 1636the id: 1575 and the character:  ne
the size: 1637the id: 116 and the character: t
the size: 1638the id: 976 and the character: wo
the size: 1639the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1640the id: 643 and the character: k 
the size: 1641the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 1642the id: 1355 and the character: cons
the size: 1643the id: 513 and the character: pi
the size: 1644the id: 944 and the character: rat
the size: 1645the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 1646the id: 353 and the character: s d
the size: 1647the id: 310 and the character: ed
the size: 1648the id: 514 and the character: ica
the size: 1649the id: 369 and the character: ted
the size: 1650the id: 1123 and the character:  to 
the size: 1651the id: 1403 and the character: the o
the size: 1652the id: 488 and the character: ver
the size: 1653the id: 385 and the character: th
the size: 1654the id: 1093 and the character: row 
the size: 1655the id: 1171 and the character: of the 
the size: 1656the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 1657the id: 641 and the character: ta
the size: 1658the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 1659the id: 1256 and the character: . Th
the size: 1660the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 1661the id: 785 and the character: Br
the size: 1662the id: 1404 and the character: othe
the size: 1663the id: 1163 and the character: rh
the size: 1664the id: 598 and the character: oo
the size: 1665the id: 1494 and the character: d, 
the size: 1666the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 1667the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 1668the id: 298 and the character: na
the size: 1669the id: 317 and the character: me
the size: 1670the id: 1411 and the character:  was s
the size: 1671the id: 645 and the character: up
the size: 1672the id: 646 and the character: po
the size: 1673the id: 1432 and the character: sed
the size: 1674the id: 1123 and the character:  to 
the size: 1675the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 1676the id: 1660 and the character: . The
the size: 1677the id: 1555 and the character: re w
the size: 1678the id: 1486 and the character: ere 
the size: 1679the id: 299 and the character: al
the size: 1680the id: 668 and the character: so 
the size: 1681the id: 1009 and the character: whi
the size: 1682the id: 563 and the character: spe
the size: 1683the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 1684the id: 686 and the character: d s
the size: 1685the id: 800 and the character: tor
the size: 1686the id: 1583 and the character: ies 
the size: 1687the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 1688the id: 1449 and the character: a t
the size: 1689the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 1690the id: 366 and the character: ri
the size: 1691the id: 717 and the character: ble 
the size: 1692the id: 1477 and the character: boo
the size: 1693the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1694the id: 492 and the character: , a
the size: 1695the id: 955 and the character:  co
the size: 1696the id: 1169 and the character: mp
the size: 1697the id: 1071 and the character: end
the size: 1698the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1699the id: 305 and the character: um
the size: 1700the id: 862 and the character:  of a
the size: 1701the id: 1007 and the character: ll t
the size: 1702the id: 934 and the character: he h
the size: 1703the id: 1238 and the character: ere
the size: 1704the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 1705the id: 511 and the character: es
the size: 1706the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 1707the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 1708the id: 1009 and the character: whi
the size: 1709the id: 1032 and the character: ch G
the size: 1710the id: 1422 and the character: old
the size: 1711the id: 1192 and the character: stei
the size: 1712the id: 1425 and the character: n wa
the size: 1713the id: 1026 and the character: s t
the size: 1714the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 1715the id: 1336 and the character: aut
the size: 1716the id: 402 and the character: ho
the size: 1717the id: 1335 and the character: r a
the size: 1718the id: 552 and the character: nd 
the size: 1719the id: 1709 and the character: whic
the size: 1720the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 1721the id: 795 and the character: ci
the size: 1722the id: 1067 and the character: rc
the size: 1723the id: 376 and the character: ul
the size: 1724the id: 674 and the character: ated
the size: 1725the id: 485 and the character:  c
the size: 1726the id: 327 and the character: la
the size: 1727the id: 1633 and the character: nde
the size: 1728the id: 261 and the character: st
the size: 1729the id: 531 and the character: ine
the size: 1730the id: 508 and the character: ly 
the size: 1731the id: 1064 and the character: here
the size: 1732the id: 1332 and the character:  and 
the size: 1733the id: 742 and the character: ther
the size: 1734the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1735the id: 574 and the character: . It
the size: 1736the id: 809 and the character:  was 
the size: 1737the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 1738the id: 1693 and the character: book
the size: 1739the id: 1384 and the character:  wi
the size: 1740the id: 1450 and the character: thou
the size: 1741the id: 404 and the character: t a
the size: 1742the id: 540 and the character:  t
the size: 1743the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 1744the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 1745the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 1746the id: 80 and the character: P
the size: 1747the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 1748the id: 745 and the character: op
the size: 1749the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 1750the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 1751the id: 734 and the character: fe
the size: 1752the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1753the id: 1684 and the character: red
the size: 1754the id: 1123 and the character:  to 
the size: 1755the id: 1295 and the character: it, 
the size: 1756the id: 1515 and the character: if
the size: 1757the id: 1399 and the character:  at 
the size: 1758the id: 902 and the character: all
the size: 1759the id: 1371 and the character: , s
the size: 1760the id: 815 and the character: im
the size: 1761the id: 326 and the character: pl
the size: 1762the id: 454 and the character: y a
the size: 1763the id: 1714 and the character: s th
the size: 1764the id: 1239 and the character: e b
the size: 1765the id: 1099 and the character: ook
the size: 1766the id: 1406 and the character: . B
the size: 1767the id: 1408 and the character: ut
the size: 1768the id: 291 and the character:  o
the size: 1769the id: 1014 and the character: ne 
the size: 1770the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 1771the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 1772the id: 501 and the character: w 
the size: 1773the id: 562 and the character: of s
the size: 1774the id: 1301 and the character: uc
the size: 1775the id: 720 and the character: h t
the size: 1776the id: 1051 and the character: hin
the size: 1777the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1778the id: 655 and the character: s o
the size: 1779the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1780the id: 508 and the character: ly 
the size: 1781the id: 1654 and the character: thr
the size: 1782the id: 1420 and the character: ough 
the size: 1783the id: 1135 and the character: va
the size: 1784the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 1785the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 1786the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 1787the id: 304 and the character: ru
the size: 1788the id: 637 and the character: mou
the size: 1789the id: 264 and the character: rs
the size: 1790the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 1791the id: 960 and the character: Ne
the size: 1792the id: 401 and the character: ith
the size: 1793the id: 381 and the character: er 
the size: 1794the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 1795the id: 1662 and the character: Bro
the size: 1796the id: 742 and the character: ther
the size: 1797the id: 402 and the character: ho
the size: 1798the id: 930 and the character: od
the size: 1799the id: 1540 and the character:  n
the size: 1800the id: 1512 and the character: or 
the size: 1801the id: 1184 and the character: the b
the size: 1802the id: 1099 and the character: ook
the size: 1803the id: 1737 and the character:  was a
the size: 1804the id: 1125 and the character:  su
the size: 1805the id: 1345 and the character: bj
the size: 1806the id: 1347 and the character: ect
the size: 1807the id: 1521 and the character:  that
the size: 1808the id: 983 and the character:  any
the size: 1809the id: 1316 and the character:  or
the size: 1810the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 1811the id: 298 and the character: na
the size: 1812the id: 1445 and the character: ry 
the size: 1813the id: 985 and the character: Part
the size: 1814the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 1815the id: 317 and the character: me
the size: 1816the id: 578 and the character: mb
the size: 1817the id: 381 and the character: er 
the size: 1818the id: 991 and the character: wou
the size: 1819the id: 689 and the character: ld 
the size: 1820the id: 1102 and the character: men
the size: 1821the id: 1232 and the character: tion
the size: 1822the id: 285 and the character:  i
the size: 1823the id: 947 and the character: f th
the size: 1824the id: 1486 and the character: ere 
the size: 1825the id: 923 and the character: was a 
the size: 1826the id: 1552 and the character: way
the size: 1827the id: 862 and the character:  of a
the size: 1828the id: 1198 and the character: voi
the size: 1829the id: 1811 and the character: din
the size: 1830the id: 539 and the character: g 
the size: 1831the id: 774 and the character: it.
the size: 1832the id: 346 and the character: 


the size: 1833the id: 73 and the character: I
the size: 1834the id: 770 and the character: n i
the size: 1835the id: 1180 and the character: ts 
the size: 1836the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 1837the id: 1220 and the character: cond
the size: 1838the id: 410 and the character:  m
the size: 1839the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 1840the id: 1489 and the character: ute
the size: 1841the id: 1206 and the character:  the H
the size: 1842the id: 1208 and the character: ate 
the size: 1843the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 1844the id: 680 and the character: se 
the size: 1845the id: 721 and the character: to 
the size: 1846the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 1847the id: 851 and the character: fr
the size: 1848the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 1849the id: 453 and the character: zy
the size: 1850the id: 1746 and the character: . P
the size: 1851the id: 1748 and the character: eo
the size: 1852the id: 1251 and the character: ple 
the size: 1853the id: 1556 and the character: were 
the size: 1854the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 1855the id: 271 and the character: ap
the size: 1856the id: 1591 and the character: ing u
the size: 1857the id: 803 and the character: p 
the size: 1858the id: 1429 and the character: and d
the size: 1859the id: 1390 and the character: ow
the size: 1860the id: 770 and the character: n i
the size: 1861the id: 1273 and the character: n the
the size: 1862the id: 464 and the character: ir
the size: 1863the id: 267 and the character:  p
the size: 1864the id: 327 and the character: la
the size: 1865the id: 1116 and the character: ces
the size: 1866the id: 1584 and the character:  and s
the size: 1867the id: 1441 and the character: hou
the size: 1868the id: 1563 and the character: ting
the size: 1869the id: 1399 and the character:  at 
the size: 1870the id: 1058 and the character: the t
the size: 1871the id: 745 and the character: op
the size: 1872the id: 946 and the character: s of
the size: 1873the id: 648 and the character:  the
the size: 1874the id: 1863 and the character: ir 
the size: 1875the id: 1198 and the character: voi
the size: 1876the id: 1866 and the character: ces 
the size: 1877the id: 1019 and the character: in a
the size: 1878the id: 1360 and the character: n e
the size: 1879the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 1880the id: 1215 and the character: for
the size: 1881the id: 886 and the character: t t
the size: 1882the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 1883the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1884the id: 1087 and the character: row
the size: 1885the id: 1319 and the character: n the 
the size: 1886the id: 259 and the character: ma
the size: 1887the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 1888the id: 510 and the character: de
the size: 1889the id: 336 and the character: ni
the size: 1890the id: 840 and the character: ng 
the size: 1891the id: 1195 and the character: blea
the size: 1892the id: 1869 and the character: ting 
the size: 1893the id: 1876 and the character: voic
the size: 1894the id: 700 and the character: e th
the size: 1895the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 1896the id: 294 and the character: ca
the size: 1897the id: 1670 and the character: me 
the size: 1898the id: 851 and the character: fr
the size: 1899the id: 1246 and the character: om 
the size: 1900the id: 1313 and the character: the s
the size: 1901the id: 1468 and the character: creen
the size: 1902the id: 1660 and the character: . The
the size: 1903the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 1904the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 1905the id: 640 and the character: tt
the size: 1906the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 1907the id: 1261 and the character: sa
the size: 1908the id: 467 and the character: nd
the size: 1909the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 1910the id: 752 and the character: -h
the size: 1911the id: 560 and the character: air
the size: 1912the id: 1579 and the character: ed w
the size: 1913the id: 844 and the character: om
the size: 1914the id: 432 and the character: an 
the size: 1915the id: 893 and the character: had 
the size: 1916the id: 414 and the character: tu
the size: 1917the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 1918the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 1919the id: 1017 and the character: d b
the size: 1920the id: 366 and the character: ri
the size: 1921the id: 1315 and the character: ght 
the size: 1922the id: 513 and the character: pi
the size: 1923the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 1924the id: 1694 and the character: k,
the size: 1925the id: 1332 and the character:  and 
the size: 1926the id: 504 and the character: her
the size: 1927the id: 969 and the character:  mo
the size: 1928the id: 1408 and the character: ut
the size: 1929the id: 922 and the character: h w
the size: 1930the id: 290 and the character: as 
the size: 1931the id: 745 and the character: op
the size: 1932the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 1933the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 1934the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 1935the id: 437 and the character: sh
the size: 1936the id: 1408 and the character: ut
the size: 1937the id: 1869 and the character: ting 
the size: 1938the id: 1269 and the character: lik
the size: 1939the id: 1895 and the character: e tha
the size: 1940the id: 1348 and the character: t of
the size: 1941the id: 484 and the character:  a 
the size: 1942the id: 1727 and the character: lan
the size: 1943the id: 755 and the character: ded
the size: 1944the id: 722 and the character:  fi
the size: 1945the id: 437 and the character: sh
the size: 1946the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 1947the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 1948the id: 954 and the character: ven 
the size: 1949the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 1950the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 1951the id: 785 and the character: Br
the size: 1952the id: 1174 and the character: ie
the size: 1953the id: 1036 and the character: n'
the size: 1954the id: 1054 and the character: s h
the size: 1955the id: 431 and the character: ea
the size: 1956the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 1957the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 1958the id: 1127 and the character: face 
the size: 1959the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 1960the id: 1536 and the character: fl
the size: 1961the id: 630 and the character: us
the size: 1962the id: 1138 and the character: hed
the size: 1963the id: 1615 and the character: . He 
the size: 1964the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 1965the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 1966the id: 640 and the character: tt
the size: 1967the id: 1197 and the character: ing v
the size: 1968the id: 1435 and the character: ery
the size: 1969the id: 939 and the character:  st
the size: 1970the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 1971the id: 783 and the character: ig
the size: 1972the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 1973the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 1974the id: 331 and the character: in 
the size: 1975the id: 1481 and the character: his 
the size: 1976the id: 557 and the character: ch
the size: 1977the id: 560 and the character: air
the size: 1978the id: 1533 and the character: , hi
the size: 1979the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 1980the id: 1284 and the character: pow
the size: 1981the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 1982the id: 1516 and the character: ful
the size: 1983the id: 485 and the character:  c
the size: 1984the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 1985the id: 1625 and the character: st 
the size: 1986the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 1987the id: 1285 and the character: we
the size: 1988the id: 530 and the character: lli
the size: 1989the id: 840 and the character: ng 
the size: 1990the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 1991the id: 612 and the character: qu
the size: 1992the id: 105 and the character: i
the size: 1993the id: 625 and the character: veri
the size: 1994the id: 1990 and the character: ng a
the size: 1995the id: 1714 and the character: s th
the size: 1996the id: 1420 and the character: ough 
the size: 1997the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 1998the id: 1556 and the character: were 
the size: 1999the id: 1356 and the character: sta
the size: 2000the id: 467 and the character: nd
the size: 2001the id: 1857 and the character: ing up
the size: 2002the id: 1651 and the character:  to t
the size: 2003the id: 1715 and the character: he a
the size: 2004the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 2005the id: 1261 and the character: sa
the size: 2006the id: 376 and the character: ul
the size: 2007the id: 1941 and the character: t of 
the size: 2008the id: 1380 and the character: a w
the size: 2009the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 2010the id: 276 and the character: ve
the size: 2011the id: 1903 and the character: . The 
the size: 2012the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2013the id: 548 and the character: ar
the size: 2014the id: 107 and the character: k
the size: 2015the id: 1911 and the character: -ha
the size: 2016the id: 464 and the character: ir
the size: 2017the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 2018the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 2019the id: 464 and the character: ir
the size: 2020the id: 633 and the character: l 
the size: 2021the id: 1050 and the character: beh
the size: 2022the id: 522 and the character: ind
the size: 2023the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2024the id: 348 and the character: Wi
the size: 2025the id: 422 and the character: ns
the size: 2026the id: 697 and the character: to
the size: 2027the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 2028the id: 893 and the character: had 
the size: 2029the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 2030the id: 1785 and the character: gu
the size: 2031the id: 278 and the character: n 
the size: 2032the id: 1061 and the character: cr
the size: 2033the id: 1282 and the character: yin
the size: 2034the id: 1243 and the character: g o
the size: 2035the id: 1768 and the character: ut 
the size: 2036the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 2037the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2038the id: 400 and the character: wi
the size: 2039the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 2040the id: 33 and the character: !
the size: 2041the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2042the id: 2038 and the character: Sw
the size: 2043the id: 531 and the character: ine
the size: 2044the id: 2041 and the character: ! 
the size: 2045the id: 2043 and the character: Swi
the size: 2046the id: 2040 and the character: ne!
the size: 2047the id: 1177 and the character: ' 
the size: 2048the id: 1935 and the character: and s
the size: 2049the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 2050the id: 1888 and the character: dd
the size: 2051the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 2052the id: 508 and the character: ly 
the size: 2053the id: 587 and the character: she
the size: 2054the id: 267 and the character:  p
the size: 2055the id: 367 and the character: ic
the size: 2056the id: 1606 and the character: ked
the size: 2057the id: 644 and the character:  u
the size: 2058the id: 1858 and the character: p a
the size: 2059the id: 319 and the character:  h
the size: 2060the id: 1956 and the character: eav
the size: 2061the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 2062the id: 972 and the character: New
the size: 2063the id: 974 and the character: speak
the size: 2064the id: 509 and the character:  d
the size: 2065the id: 367 and the character: ic
the size: 2066the id: 1232 and the character: tion
the size: 2067the id: 548 and the character: ar
the size: 2068the id: 454 and the character: y a
the size: 2069the id: 552 and the character: nd 
the size: 2070the id: 1961 and the character: flu
the size: 2071the id: 840 and the character: ng 
the size: 2072the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 2073the id: 1870 and the character:  at t
the size: 2074the id: 1257 and the character: he s
the size: 2075the id: 1902 and the character: creen.
the size: 2076the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2077the id: 425 and the character: It
the size: 2078the id: 1970 and the character:  str
the size: 2079the id: 1301 and the character: uc
the size: 2080the id: 643 and the character: k 
the size: 2081the id: 1324 and the character: Goldst
the size: 2082the id: 1424 and the character: ein
the size: 2083the id: 1037 and the character: 's 
the size: 2084the id: 543 and the character: no
the size: 2085the id: 680 and the character: se 
the size: 2086the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 2087the id: 1305 and the character: bo
the size: 2088the id: 1223 and the character: un
the size: 2089the id: 1329 and the character: ced 
the size: 2090the id: 391 and the character: of
the size: 2091the id: 102 and the character: f
the size: 2092the id: 59 and the character: ;
the size: 2093the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 2094the id: 1894 and the character: voice
the size: 2095the id: 955 and the character:  co
the size: 2096the id: 506 and the character: nt
the size: 2097the id: 1840 and the character: inu
the size: 2098the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 2099the id: 531 and the character: ine
the size: 2100the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 2101the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 2102the id: 695 and the character: abl
the size: 2103the id: 616 and the character: y.
the size: 2104the id: 2077 and the character:  I
the size: 2105the id: 694 and the character: n a
the size: 2106the id: 1904 and the character:  l
the size: 2107the id: 1301 and the character: uc
the size: 2108the id: 321 and the character: id
the size: 2109the id: 969 and the character:  mo
the size: 2110the id: 1821 and the character: ment
the size: 2111the id: 2024 and the character:  W
the size: 2112the id: 349 and the character: ins
the size: 2113the id: 2027 and the character: ton
the size: 2114the id: 1181 and the character:  fo
the size: 2115the id: 1636 and the character: und 
the size: 2116the id: 1416 and the character: that 
the size: 2117the id: 1998 and the character: he w
the size: 2118the id: 290 and the character: as 
the size: 2119the id: 687 and the character: sho
the size: 2120the id: 1408 and the character: ut
the size: 2121the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 2122the id: 828 and the character: with 
the size: 2123the id: 1403 and the character: the o
the size: 2124the id: 1148 and the character: thers
the size: 2125the id: 1332 and the character:  and 
the size: 2126the id: 521 and the character: ki
the size: 2127the id: 666 and the character: ck
the size: 2128the id: 877 and the character: ing h
the size: 2129the id: 1534 and the character: is 
the size: 2130the id: 604 and the character: hee
the size: 2131the id: 633 and the character: l 
the size: 2132the id: 118 and the character: v
the size: 2133the id: 296 and the character: io
the size: 2134the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 2135the id: 506 and the character: nt
the size: 2136the id: 508 and the character: ly 
the size: 2137the id: 358 and the character: ag
the size: 2138the id: 463 and the character: ai
the size: 2139the id: 2026 and the character: nst
the size: 2140the id: 1253 and the character:  the r
the size: 2141the id: 1223 and the character: un
the size: 2142the id: 1243 and the character: g o
the size: 2143the id: 1349 and the character: f h
the size: 2144the id: 1534 and the character: is 
the size: 2145the id: 1977 and the character: cha
the size: 2146the id: 464 and the character: ir
the size: 2147the id: 1903 and the character: . The 
the size: 2148the id: 1717 and the character: hor
the size: 2149the id: 1691 and the character: rib
the size: 2150the id: 696 and the character: le t
the size: 2151the id: 1777 and the character: hing
the size: 2152the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 2153the id: 2088 and the character: bou
the size: 2154the id: 1522 and the character: t the
the size: 2155the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2156the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 2157the id: 976 and the character: wo
the size: 2158the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2159the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 2160the id: 1840 and the character: inu
the size: 2161the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 2162the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 2163the id: 1207 and the character: Ha
the size: 2164the id: 461 and the character: te 
the size: 2165the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 2166the id: 1602 and the character: not
the size: 2167the id: 1808 and the character:  that 
the size: 2168the id: 1386 and the character: one 
the size: 2169the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 2170the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2171the id: 516 and the character: bl
the size: 2172the id: 783 and the character: ig
the size: 2173the id: 1545 and the character: ed to
the size: 2174the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 2175the id: 368 and the character: ct
the size: 2176the id: 484 and the character:  a 
the size: 2177the id: 256 and the character: pa
the size: 2178the id: 926 and the character: rt
the size: 2179the id: 1049 and the character: , b
the size: 2180the id: 1408 and the character: ut
the size: 2181the id: 1707 and the character: , o
the size: 2182the id: 1319 and the character: n the 
the size: 2183the id: 820 and the character: con
the size: 2184the id: 897 and the character: tra
the size: 2185the id: 875 and the character: ry
the size: 2186the id: 981 and the character: , t
the size: 2187the id: 1410 and the character: hat 
the size: 2188the id: 2073 and the character: it 
the size: 2189the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 2190the id: 1761 and the character: imp
the size: 2191the id: 544 and the character: os
the size: 2192the id: 715 and the character: si
the size: 2193the id: 717 and the character: ble 
the size: 2194the id: 1846 and the character: to a
the size: 2195the id: 1829 and the character: void
the size: 2196the id: 709 and the character:  j
the size: 2197the id: 594 and the character: oi
the size: 2198the id: 1890 and the character: nin
the size: 2199the id: 1831 and the character: g i
the size: 2200the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 2201the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 2202the id: 348 and the character: Wi
the size: 2203the id: 541 and the character: thi
the size: 2204the id: 1063 and the character: n th
the size: 2205the id: 464 and the character: ir
the size: 2206the id: 986 and the character: ty 
the size: 2207the id: 1837 and the character: sec
the size: 2208the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 2209the id: 966 and the character: ds
the size: 2210the id: 1809 and the character:  any 
the size: 2211the id: 1107 and the character: pr
the size: 2212the id: 496 and the character: et
the size: 2213the id: 1538 and the character: enc
the size: 2214the id: 1342 and the character: e was
the size: 2215the id: 1417 and the character:  al
the size: 2216the id: 1552 and the character: way
the size: 2217the id: 629 and the character: s u
the size: 2218the id: 110 and the character: n
the size: 2219the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 2220the id: 1116 and the character: ces
the size: 2221the id: 1261 and the character: sa
the size: 2222the id: 875 and the character: ry
the size: 2223the id: 1573 and the character: . A 
the size: 2224the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 2225the id: 510 and the character: de
the size: 2226the id: 307 and the character: ou
the size: 2227the id: 1149 and the character: s e
the size: 2228the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 2229the id: 1356 and the character: sta
the size: 2230the id: 912 and the character: sy
the size: 2231the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 2232the id: 734 and the character: fe
the size: 2233the id: 1383 and the character: ar 
the size: 2234the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 2235the id: 2133 and the character: vi
the size: 2236the id: 2001 and the character: ndi
the size: 2237the id: 1590 and the character: cti
the size: 2238the id: 635 and the character: ven
the size: 2239the id: 532 and the character: ess
the size: 2240the id: 1695 and the character: , a 
the size: 2241the id: 1311 and the character: des
the size: 2242the id: 2017 and the character: ire
the size: 2243the id: 1123 and the character:  to 
the size: 2244the id: 521 and the character: ki
the size: 2245the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 2246the id: 1140 and the character: , to
the size: 2247the id: 597 and the character:  to
the size: 2248the id: 926 and the character: rt
the size: 2249the id: 415 and the character: ure
the size: 2250the id: 2247 and the character: , to 
the size: 2251the id: 470 and the character: sm
the size: 2252the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 2253the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 2254the id: 490 and the character: face
the size: 2255the id: 905 and the character: s in
the size: 2256the id: 1740 and the character:  wit
the size: 2257the id: 558 and the character: h a
the size: 2258the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 2259the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 2260the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 2261the id: 672 and the character: ge
the size: 2262the id: 1911 and the character: -ha
the size: 2263the id: 816 and the character: mm
the size: 2264the id: 263 and the character: er
the size: 2265the id: 1371 and the character: , s
the size: 2266the id: 383 and the character: ee
the size: 2267the id: 732 and the character: med
the size: 2268the id: 1123 and the character:  to 
the size: 2269the id: 1536 and the character: fl
the size: 2270the id: 1390 and the character: ow
the size: 2271the id: 581 and the character:  th
the size: 2272the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 2273the id: 1442 and the character: ugh
the size: 2274the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 2275the id: 1118 and the character: who
the size: 2276the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 2277the id: 1635 and the character: grou
the size: 2278the id: 1170 and the character: p o
the size: 2279the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 2280the id: 1250 and the character: peop
the size: 2281the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 2282the id: 1939 and the character: like
the size: 2283the id: 466 and the character:  an
the size: 2284the id: 274 and the character:  e
the size: 2285the id: 430 and the character: le
the size: 2286the id: 368 and the character: ct
the size: 2287the id: 881 and the character: ric
the size: 2288the id: 485 and the character:  c
the size: 2289the id: 308 and the character: ur
the size: 2290the id: 505 and the character: ren
the size: 2291the id: 872 and the character: t,
the size: 2292the id: 540 and the character:  t
the size: 2293the id: 308 and the character: ur
the size: 2294the id: 2199 and the character: ning
the size: 2295the id: 1769 and the character:  on
the size: 2296the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 2297the id: 1318 and the character: even
the size: 2298the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 2299the id: 1508 and the character: ga
the size: 2300the id: 2113 and the character: inst
the size: 2301the id: 2296 and the character:  one
the size: 2302the id: 1037 and the character: 's 
the size: 2303the id: 400 and the character: wi
the size: 2304the id: 472 and the character: ll 
the size: 2305the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 2306the id: 1846 and the character: to a
the size: 2307the id: 473 and the character:  g
the size: 2308the id: 366 and the character: ri
the size: 2309the id: 259 and the character: ma
the size: 2310the id: 795 and the character: ci
the size: 2311the id: 737 and the character: ng
the size: 2312the id: 1371 and the character: , s
the size: 2313the id: 1131 and the character: cre
the size: 2314the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 2315the id: 411 and the character: mi
the size: 2316the id: 840 and the character: ng 
the size: 2317the id: 822 and the character: lu
the size: 2318the id: 298 and the character: na
the size: 2319the id: 1113 and the character: tic
the size: 2320the id: 1004 and the character: . A
the size: 2321the id: 552 and the character: nd 
the size: 2322the id: 495 and the character: ye
the size: 2323the id: 2155 and the character: t the 
the size: 2324the id: 1235 and the character: rag
the size: 2325the id: 1940 and the character: e that
the size: 2326the id: 2296 and the character:  one
the size: 2327the id: 1330 and the character:  fe
the size: 2328the id: 1418 and the character: lt
the size: 2329the id: 1737 and the character:  was a
the size: 2330the id: 694 and the character: n a
the size: 2331the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 2332the id: 1412 and the character: stra
the size: 2333the id: 368 and the character: ct
the size: 2334the id: 1222 and the character: , u
the size: 2335the id: 2001 and the character: ndi
the size: 2336the id: 1597 and the character: rec
the size: 2337the id: 1650 and the character: ted 
the size: 2338the id: 418 and the character: em
the size: 2339the id: 741 and the character: ot
the size: 2340the id: 421 and the character: ion
the size: 2341the id: 1031 and the character:  whic
the size: 2342the id: 1721 and the character: h c
the size: 2343the id: 1016 and the character: ould
the size: 2344the id: 692 and the character:  be
the size: 2345the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 2346the id: 443 and the character: wit
the size: 2347the id: 1068 and the character: ched
the size: 2348the id: 1245 and the character:  fro
the size: 2349the id: 845 and the character: m o
the size: 2350the id: 1014 and the character: ne 
the size: 2351the id: 2171 and the character: ob
the size: 2352the id: 1346 and the character: je
the size: 2353the id: 2176 and the character: ct 
the size: 2354the id: 1846 and the character: to a
the size: 2355the id: 1602 and the character: not
the size: 2356the id: 1927 and the character: her 
the size: 2357the id: 2283 and the character: like 
the size: 2358the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 2359the id: 1536 and the character: fl
the size: 2360the id: 2315 and the character: am
the size: 2361the id: 1529 and the character: e of a
the size: 2362the id: 478 and the character:  b
the size: 2363the id: 537 and the character: lo
the size: 2364the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 2365the id: 327 and the character: la
the size: 2366the id: 1169 and the character: mp
the size: 2367the id: 1256 and the character: . Th
the size: 2368the id: 630 and the character: us
the size: 2369the id: 492 and the character: , a
the size: 2370the id: 1013 and the character: t on
the size: 2371the id: 1065 and the character: e m
the size: 2372the id: 844 and the character: om
the size: 2373the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 2374the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 2375the id: 2025 and the character: Win
the size: 2376the id: 350 and the character: sto
the size: 2377the id: 1954 and the character: n's
the size: 2378the id: 462 and the character:  ha
the size: 2379the id: 1351 and the character: tre
the size: 2380the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 2381the id: 2166 and the character: was n
the size: 2382the id: 741 and the character: ot
the size: 2383the id: 2293 and the character:  tu
the size: 2384the id: 1918 and the character: rn
the size: 2385the id: 1428 and the character: ed a
the size: 2386the id: 2300 and the character: gai
the size: 2387the id: 2140 and the character: nst 
the size: 2388the id: 2082 and the character: Goldste
the size: 2389the id: 1019 and the character: in a
the size: 2390the id: 404 and the character: t a
the size: 2391the id: 2246 and the character: ll,
the size: 2392the id: 478 and the character:  b
the size: 2393the id: 2181 and the character: ut,
the size: 2394the id: 1769 and the character:  on
the size: 2395the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 2396the id: 2184 and the character: cont
the size: 2397the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 2398the id: 2186 and the character: ry,
the size: 2399the id: 2299 and the character:  ag
the size: 2400the id: 2139 and the character: ain
the size: 2401the id: 1625 and the character: st 
the size: 2402the id: 782 and the character: Bi
the size: 2403the id: 784 and the character: g B
the size: 2404the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 2405the id: 742 and the character: ther
the size: 2406the id: 2187 and the character: , th
the size: 2407the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 2408the id: 1814 and the character: Party
the size: 2409the id: 1277 and the character: , and 
the size: 2410the id: 1608 and the character: the T
the size: 2411the id: 1441 and the character: hou
the size: 2412the id: 1315 and the character: ght 
the size: 2413the id: 1612 and the character: Pol
the size: 2414the id: 595 and the character: ice
the size: 2415the id: 2093 and the character: ; 
the size: 2416the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 2417the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 2418the id: 631 and the character: su
the size: 2419the id: 919 and the character: ch 
the size: 2420the id: 306 and the character: mo
the size: 2421the id: 1821 and the character: ment
the size: 2422the id: 1054 and the character: s h
the size: 2423the id: 2130 and the character: is h
the size: 2424the id: 480 and the character: ear
the size: 2425the id: 426 and the character: t w
the size: 2426the id: 2374 and the character: ent
the size: 2427the id: 291 and the character:  o
the size: 2428the id: 1768 and the character: ut 
the size: 2429the id: 1503 and the character: to th
the size: 2430the id: 536 and the character: e l
the size: 2431the id: 725 and the character: one
the size: 2432the id: 301 and the character: ly
the size: 2433the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 2434the id: 1593 and the character: der
the size: 2435the id: 321 and the character: id
the size: 2436the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 2437the id: 1064 and the character: here
the size: 2438the id: 1113 and the character: tic
the size: 2439the id: 2395 and the character:  on 
the size: 2440the id: 1901 and the character: the sc
the size: 2441the id: 1062 and the character: reen
the size: 2442the id: 1371 and the character: , s
the size: 2443the id: 457 and the character: ole
the size: 2444the id: 473 and the character:  g
the size: 2445the id: 613 and the character: ua
the size: 2446the id: 481 and the character: rd
the size: 2447the id: 337 and the character: ia
the size: 2448the id: 758 and the character: n o
the size: 2449the id: 855 and the character: f t
the size: 2450the id: 304 and the character: ru
the size: 2451the id: 444 and the character: th 
the size: 2452the id: 1935 and the character: and s
the size: 2453the id: 1136 and the character: ani
the size: 2454the id: 986 and the character: ty 
the size: 2455the id: 1019 and the character: in a
the size: 2456the id: 964 and the character:  wo
the size: 2457the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 2458the id: 689 and the character: ld 
the size: 2459the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 2460the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 2461the id: 511 and the character: es
the size: 2462the id: 2321 and the character: . An
the size: 2463the id: 707 and the character: d ye
the size: 2464the id: 2155 and the character: t the 
the size: 2465the id: 488 and the character: ver
the size: 2466the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 2467the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 2468the id: 413 and the character: xt
the size: 2469the id: 502 and the character:  in
the size: 2470the id: 2000 and the character: stan
the size: 2471the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 2472the id: 2118 and the character: he wa
the size: 2473the id: 428 and the character: s a
the size: 2474the id: 2371 and the character: t one
the size: 2475the id: 2257 and the character:  with
the size: 2476the id: 1249 and the character:  the p
the size: 2477the id: 1852 and the character: eop
the size: 2478the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 2479the id: 515 and the character: ab
the size: 2480the id: 1244 and the character: out 
the size: 2481the id: 320 and the character: hi
the size: 2482the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 2483the id: 1277 and the character: , and 
the size: 2484the id: 1530 and the character: all 
the size: 2485the id: 1416 and the character: that 
the size: 2486the id: 1965 and the character: was s
the size: 2487the id: 463 and the character: ai
the size: 2488the id: 523 and the character: d o
the size: 2489the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 2490the id: 2389 and the character: Goldstei
the size: 2491the id: 315 and the character: n s
the size: 2492the id: 2267 and the character: eem
the size: 2493the id: 2174 and the character: ed to 
the size: 2494the id: 2482 and the character: him
the size: 2495the id: 1675 and the character:  to b
the size: 2496the id: 384 and the character: e t
the size: 2497the id: 304 and the character: ru
the size: 2498the id: 1735 and the character: e.
the size: 2499the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2500the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 2501the id: 1358 and the character: t th
the size: 2502the id: 544 and the character: os
the size: 2503the id: 2372 and the character: e mo
the size: 2504the id: 2422 and the character: ments
the size: 2505the id: 627 and the character:  hi
the size: 2506the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 2507the id: 1837 and the character: sec
the size: 2508the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 2509the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 2510the id: 537 and the character: lo
the size: 2511the id: 449 and the character: at
the size: 2512the id: 2152 and the character: hing 
the size: 2513the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 2514the id: 2403 and the character: Big
the size: 2515the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 2516the id: 1796 and the character: Brot
the size: 2517the id: 1927 and the character: her 
the size: 2518the id: 1977 and the character: cha
the size: 2519the id: 737 and the character: ng
the size: 2520the id: 2099 and the character: ed i
the size: 2521the id: 506 and the character: nt
the size: 2522the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 2523the id: 1627 and the character: ado
the size: 2524the id: 944 and the character: rat
the size: 2525the id: 421 and the character: ion
the size: 2526the id: 1277 and the character: , and 
the size: 2527the id: 2515 and the character: Big 
the size: 2528the id: 2517 and the character: Broth
the size: 2529the id: 381 and the character: er 
the size: 2530the id: 699 and the character: see
the size: 2531the id: 2268 and the character: med 
the size: 2532the id: 1027 and the character: to t
the size: 2533the id: 1390 and the character: ow
the size: 2534the id: 381 and the character: er 
the size: 2535the id: 645 and the character: up
the size: 2536the id: 1631 and the character: , an 
the size: 2537the id: 314 and the character: in
the size: 2538the id: 2236 and the character: vin
the size: 2539the id: 795 and the character: ci
the size: 2540the id: 579 and the character: ble
the size: 2541the id: 850 and the character: , f
the size: 2542the id: 480 and the character: ear
the size: 2543the id: 1073 and the character: less 
the size: 2544the id: 1107 and the character: pr
the size: 2545the id: 741 and the character: ot
the size: 2546the id: 1347 and the character: ect
the size: 2547the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 2548the id: 1371 and the character: , s
the size: 2549the id: 641 and the character: ta
the size: 2550the id: 2001 and the character: ndi
the size: 2551the id: 2317 and the character: ng l
the size: 2552the id: 609 and the character: ik
the size: 2553the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 2554the id: 338 and the character: a 
the size: 2555the id: 1211 and the character: roc
the size: 2556the id: 643 and the character: k 
the size: 2557the id: 2138 and the character: aga
the size: 2558the id: 2301 and the character: inst 
the size: 2559the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 2560the id: 1717 and the character: hor
the size: 2561the id: 1311 and the character: des
the size: 2562the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 2563the id: 1111 and the character: As
the size: 2564the id: 337 and the character: ia
the size: 2565the id: 1277 and the character: , and 
the size: 2566the id: 2491 and the character: Goldstein
the size: 2567the id: 1470 and the character: , i
the size: 2568the id: 315 and the character: n s
the size: 2569the id: 513 and the character: pi
the size: 2570the id: 461 and the character: te 
the size: 2571the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 2572the id: 1481 and the character: his 
the size: 2573the id: 628 and the character: is
the size: 2574the id: 395 and the character: ol
the size: 2575the id: 1196 and the character: ati
the size: 2576the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 2577the id: 1979 and the character: , his
the size: 2578the id: 2060 and the character:  he
the size: 2579the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 2580the id: 746 and the character: ple
the size: 2581the id: 2005 and the character: ss
the size: 2582the id: 654 and the character: nes
the size: 2583the id: 858 and the character: s, 
the size: 2584the id: 1452 and the character: and t
the size: 2585the id: 1159 and the character: he d
the size: 2586the id: 307 and the character: ou
the size: 2587the id: 1024 and the character: bt
the size: 2588the id: 1808 and the character:  that 
the size: 2589the id: 104 and the character: h
the size: 2590the id: 2142 and the character: ung
the size: 2591the id: 2153 and the character:  ab
the size: 2592the id: 2481 and the character: out h
the size: 2593the id: 1534 and the character: is 
the size: 2594the id: 2466 and the character: very
the size: 2595the id: 669 and the character:  ex
the size: 2596the id: 628 and the character: is
the size: 2597the id: 262 and the character: te
the size: 2598the id: 1373 and the character: nce
the size: 2599the id: 2266 and the character: , se
the size: 2600the id: 1544 and the character: eme
the size: 2601the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 2602the id: 2283 and the character: like 
the size: 2603the id: 498 and the character: some
the size: 2604the id: 528 and the character:  si
the size: 2605the id: 336 and the character: ni
the size: 2606the id: 880 and the character: ster
the size: 2607the id: 551 and the character:  en
the size: 2608the id: 2519 and the character: chan
the size: 2609the id: 1091 and the character: ter
the size: 2610the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 2611the id: 294 and the character: ca
the size: 2612the id: 256 and the character: pa
the size: 2613the id: 1692 and the character: ble b
the size: 2614the id: 884 and the character: y t
the size: 2615the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 2616the id: 317 and the character: me
the size: 2617the id: 1297 and the character: re 
the size: 2618the id: 1981 and the character: powe
the size: 2619the id: 561 and the character: r o
the size: 2620the id: 2144 and the character: f hi
the size: 2621the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 2622the id: 2095 and the character: voice 
the size: 2623the id: 1708 and the character: of w
the size: 2624the id: 1597 and the character: rec
the size: 2625the id: 1242 and the character: king
the size: 2626the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 2627the id: 365 and the character: str
the size: 2628the id: 1301 and the character: uc
the size: 2629the id: 1917 and the character: tur
the size: 2630the id: 458 and the character: e of 
the size: 2631the id: 795 and the character: ci
the size: 2632the id: 2133 and the character: vi
the size: 2633the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 2634the id: 122 and the character: z
the size: 2635the id: 2576 and the character: atio
the size: 2636the id: 2201 and the character: n.
the size: 2637the id: 1833 and the character: 

I
the size: 2638the id: 1382 and the character: t wa
the size: 2639the id: 1149 and the character: s e
the size: 2640the id: 954 and the character: ven 
the size: 2641the id: 1673 and the character: pos
the size: 2642the id: 2193 and the character: sib
the size: 2643the id: 517 and the character: le,
the size: 2644the id: 1399 and the character:  at 
the size: 2645the id: 2421 and the character: mom
the size: 2646the id: 2374 and the character: ent
the size: 2647the id: 1312 and the character: s, t
the size: 2648the id: 1119 and the character: o sw
the size: 2649the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 2650the id: 919 and the character: ch 
the size: 2651the id: 725 and the character: one
the size: 2652the id: 1037 and the character: 's 
the size: 2653the id: 1350 and the character: hat
the size: 2654the id: 1754 and the character: red 
the size: 2655the id: 904 and the character: this
the size: 2656the id: 361 and the character:  wa
the size: 2657the id: 932 and the character: y o
the size: 2658the id: 1216 and the character: r th
the size: 2659the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 2660the id: 1570 and the character: by 
the size: 2661the id: 1623 and the character: a v
the size: 2662the id: 395 and the character: ol
the size: 2663the id: 1223 and the character: un
the size: 2664the id: 641 and the character: ta
the size: 2665the id: 1445 and the character: ry 
the size: 2666the id: 1151 and the character: act
the size: 2667the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 2668the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2669the id: 2050 and the character: ud
the size: 2670the id: 1889 and the character: den
the size: 2671the id: 2433 and the character: ly,
the size: 2672the id: 478 and the character:  b
the size: 2673the id: 2615 and the character: y th
the size: 2674the id: 1129 and the character: e s
the size: 2675the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 2676the id: 1941 and the character: t of 
the size: 2677the id: 2133 and the character: vi
the size: 2678the id: 457 and the character: ole
the size: 2679the id: 506 and the character: nt
the size: 2680the id: 274 and the character:  e
the size: 2681the id: 1880 and the character: ff
the size: 2682the id: 2676 and the character: ort
the size: 2683the id: 2476 and the character:  with 
the size: 2684the id: 1720 and the character: which
the size: 2685the id: 2327 and the character:  one 
the size: 2686the id: 119 and the character: w
the size: 2687the id: 505 and the character: ren
the size: 2688the id: 572 and the character: che
the size: 2689the id: 1779 and the character: s on
the size: 2690the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2691the id: 2653 and the character: 's h
the size: 2692the id: 431 and the character: ea
the size: 2693the id: 468 and the character: d a
the size: 2694the id: 1827 and the character: way 
the size: 2695the id: 1899 and the character: fro
the size: 2696the id: 360 and the character: m 
the size: 2697the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 2698the id: 513 and the character: pi
the size: 2699the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 2700the id: 2271 and the character: ow 
the size: 2701the id: 2456 and the character: in a 
the size: 2702the id: 336 and the character: ni
the size: 2703the id: 764 and the character: ght
the size: 2704the id: 1066 and the character: mar
the size: 2705the id: 596 and the character: e, 
the size: 2706the id: 2376 and the character: Wins
the size: 2707the id: 2114 and the character: ton 
the size: 2708the id: 2419 and the character: suc
the size: 2709the id: 1212 and the character: cee
the size: 2710the id: 1944 and the character: ded 
the size: 2711the id: 534 and the character: in t
the size: 2712the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 2713the id: 422 and the character: ns
the size: 2714the id: 1752 and the character: fer
the size: 2715the id: 653 and the character: rin
the size: 2716the id: 539 and the character: g 
the size: 2717the id: 1481 and the character: his 
the size: 2718the id: 2654 and the character: hatr
the size: 2719the id: 1214 and the character: ed f
the size: 2720the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 2721the id: 2697 and the character: m t
the size: 2722the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 2723the id: 1127 and the character: face 
the size: 2724the id: 1464 and the character: on t
the size: 2725the id: 2075 and the character: he sc
the size: 2726the id: 1062 and the character: reen
the size: 2727the id: 2003 and the character:  to th
the size: 2728the id: 649 and the character: e d
the size: 2729the id: 2014 and the character: ark
the size: 2730the id: 2016 and the character: -hai
the size: 2731the id: 1754 and the character: red 
the size: 2732the id: 2019 and the character: gi
the size: 2733the id: 2458 and the character: rl
the size: 2734the id: 1292 and the character:  beh
the size: 2735the id: 2023 and the character: ind 
the size: 2736the id: 2482 and the character: him
the size: 2737the id: 371 and the character: . 
the size: 2738the id: 86 and the character: V
the size: 2739the id: 1993 and the character: iv
the size: 2740the id: 321 and the character: id
the size: 2741the id: 1049 and the character: , b
the size: 2742the id: 431 and the character: ea
the size: 2743the id: 2121 and the character: uti
the size: 2744the id: 1983 and the character: ful 
the size: 2745the id: 270 and the character: ha
the size: 2746the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 2747the id: 2108 and the character: uci
the size: 2748the id: 2319 and the character: nat
the size: 2749the id: 421 and the character: ion
the size: 2750the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 2751the id: 2360 and the character: fla
the size: 2752the id: 1493 and the character: shed
the size: 2753the id: 2272 and the character:  thr
the size: 2754the id: 1997 and the character: ough h
the size: 2755the id: 1534 and the character: is 
the size: 2756the id: 2316 and the character: min
the size: 2757the id: 370 and the character: d.
the size: 2758the id: 372 and the character:  H
the size: 2759the id: 726 and the character: e w
the size: 2760the id: 2344 and the character: ould 
the size: 2761the id: 2270 and the character: flo
the size: 2762the id: 2717 and the character: g h
the size: 2763the id: 1794 and the character: er t
the size: 2764the id: 1883 and the character: o d
the size: 2765the id: 431 and the character: ea
the size: 2766the id: 444 and the character: th 
the size: 2767the id: 828 and the character: with 
the size: 2768the id: 2555 and the character: a r
the size: 2769the id: 1518 and the character: ubb
the size: 2770the id: 1794 and the character: er t
the size: 2771the id: 304 and the character: ru
the size: 2772the id: 794 and the character: nc
the size: 2773the id: 386 and the character: he
the size: 2774the id: 297 and the character: on
the size: 2775the id: 1964 and the character: . He w
the size: 2776the id: 2344 and the character: ould 
the size: 2777the id: 420 and the character: ti
the size: 2778the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 2779the id: 1927 and the character: her 
the size: 2780the id: 298 and the character: na
the size: 2781the id: 2057 and the character: ked 
the size: 2782the id: 2307 and the character: to a 
the size: 2783the id: 1356 and the character: sta
the size: 2784the id: 1270 and the character: ke 
the size: 2785the id: 1935 and the character: and s
the size: 2786the id: 1798 and the character: hoo
the size: 2787the id: 2472 and the character: t h
the size: 2788the id: 381 and the character: er 
the size: 2789the id: 1516 and the character: ful
the size: 2790the id: 724 and the character: l o
the size: 2791the id: 1622 and the character: f a
the size: 2792the id: 1753 and the character: rr
the size: 2793the id: 1390 and the character: ow
the size: 2794the id: 749 and the character: s l
the size: 2795the id: 2553 and the character: ike
the size: 2796the id: 2042 and the character:  S
the size: 2797the id: 2139 and the character: ain
the size: 2798the id: 287 and the character: t 
the size: 2799the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 2800the id: 101 and the character: e
the size: 2801the id: 1185 and the character: ba
the size: 2802the id: 1729 and the character: sti
the size: 2803the id: 335 and the character: an
the size: 2804the id: 2776 and the character: . He wo
the size: 2805the id: 992 and the character: uld
the size: 2806the id: 303 and the character:  r
the size: 2807the id: 2010 and the character: av
the size: 2808the id: 1137 and the character: ish
the size: 2809the id: 2060 and the character:  he
the size: 2810the id: 1718 and the character: r an
the size: 2811the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 2812the id: 99 and the character: c
the size: 2813the id: 1768 and the character: ut 
the size: 2814the id: 1927 and the character: her 
the size: 2815the id: 1782 and the character: thro
the size: 2816the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 2817the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 2818the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 2819the id: 2646 and the character: mome
the size: 2820the id: 2680 and the character: nt 
the size: 2821the id: 1642 and the character: of c
the size: 2822the id: 608 and the character: li
the size: 2823the id: 259 and the character: ma
the size: 2824the id: 120 and the character: x
the size: 2825the id: 1406 and the character: . B
the size: 2826the id: 496 and the character: et
the size: 2827the id: 1091 and the character: ter
the size: 2828the id: 681 and the character:  tha
the size: 2829the id: 1476 and the character: n b
the size: 2830the id: 1203 and the character: ef
the size: 2831the id: 970 and the character: ore
the size: 2832the id: 762 and the character: , m
the size: 2833the id: 970 and the character: ore
the size: 2834the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 2835the id: 488 and the character: ver
the size: 2836the id: 808 and the character: , he 
the size: 2837the id: 448 and the character: rea
the size: 2838the id: 2634 and the character: liz
the size: 2839the id: 1579 and the character: ed w
the size: 2840the id: 878 and the character: hy
the size: 2841the id: 1393 and the character:  it 
the size: 2842the id: 1415 and the character: was t
the size: 2843the id: 1410 and the character: hat 
the size: 2844the id: 934 and the character: he h
the size: 2845the id: 1725 and the character: ated 
the size: 2846the id: 504 and the character: her
the size: 2847the id: 1615 and the character: . He 
the size: 2848the id: 1427 and the character: hate
the size: 2849the id: 311 and the character: d 
the size: 2850the id: 1927 and the character: her 
the size: 2851the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 2852the id: 294 and the character: ca
the size: 2853the id: 997 and the character: use
the size: 2854the id: 603 and the character:  sh
the size: 2855the id: 2215 and the character: e was 
the size: 2856the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 2857the id: 793 and the character: oun
the size: 2858the id: 539 and the character: g 
the size: 2859the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 2860the id: 2212 and the character: pre
the size: 2861the id: 640 and the character: tt
the size: 2862the id: 2069 and the character: y an
the size: 2863the id: 686 and the character: d s
the size: 2864the id: 1105 and the character: ex
the size: 2865the id: 748 and the character: less
the size: 2866the id: 2742 and the character: , be
the size: 2867the id: 2853 and the character: cau
the size: 2868the id: 680 and the character: se 
the size: 2869the id: 2118 and the character: he wa
the size: 2870the id: 506 and the character: nt
the size: 2871the id: 2174 and the character: ed to 
the size: 2872the id: 474 and the character: go
the size: 2873the id: 2496 and the character:  to be
the size: 2874the id: 2381 and the character: d w
the size: 2875the id: 519 and the character: ith 
the size: 2876the id: 1927 and the character: her 
the size: 2877the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 2878the id: 1819 and the character: woul
the size: 2879the id: 378 and the character: d n
the size: 2880the id: 1576 and the character: ever 
the size: 2881the id: 650 and the character: do
the size: 2882the id: 924 and the character:  so
the size: 2883the id: 2867 and the character: , bec
the size: 2884the id: 714 and the character: aus
the size: 2885the id: 1787 and the character: e r
the size: 2886the id: 1188 and the character: ound
the size: 2887the id: 2810 and the character:  her
the size: 2888the id: 2346 and the character:  sw
the size: 2889the id: 383 and the character: ee
the size: 2890the id: 497 and the character: t s
the size: 2891the id: 1672 and the character: upp
the size: 2892the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 2893the id: 289 and the character: wa
the size: 2894the id: 2597 and the character: ist
the size: 2895the id: 442 and the character: , w
the size: 2896the id: 556 and the character: hic
the size: 2897the id: 438 and the character: h 
the size: 2898the id: 2531 and the character: seem
the size: 2899the id: 2174 and the character: ed to 
the size: 2900the id: 260 and the character: as
the size: 2901the id: 643 and the character: k 
the size: 2902the id: 2857 and the character: yo
the size: 2903the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 2904the id: 1123 and the character:  to 
the size: 2905the id: 1538 and the character: enc
the size: 2906the id: 464 and the character: ir
the size: 2907the id: 486 and the character: cl
the size: 2908the id: 330 and the character: e i
the size: 2909the id: 426 and the character: t w
the size: 2910the id: 519 and the character: ith 
the size: 2911the id: 2903 and the character: you
the size: 2912the id: 1335 and the character: r a
the size: 2913the id: 731 and the character: rm
the size: 2914the id: 2407 and the character: , the
the size: 2915the id: 1555 and the character: re w
the size: 2916the id: 1931 and the character: as o
the size: 2917the id: 1780 and the character: nl
the size: 2918the id: 2674 and the character: y the
the size: 2919the id: 291 and the character:  o
the size: 2920the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 2921the id: 2227 and the character: ous
the size: 2922the id: 282 and the character:  s
the size: 2923the id: 294 and the character: ca
the size: 2924the id: 2458 and the character: rl
the size: 2925the id: 708 and the character: et 
the size: 2926the id: 1261 and the character: sa
the size: 2927the id: 437 and the character: sh
the size: 2928the id: 492 and the character: , a
the size: 2929the id: 103 and the character: g
the size: 2930the id: 447 and the character: gr
the size: 2931the id: 532 and the character: ess
the size: 2932the id: 1993 and the character: iv
the size: 2933the id: 1129 and the character: e s
the size: 2934the id: 258 and the character: ym
the size: 2935the id: 1305 and the character: bo
the size: 2936the id: 2791 and the character: l of
the size: 2937the id: 1984 and the character:  ch
the size: 2938the id: 1368 and the character: ast
the size: 2939the id: 615 and the character: ity
the size: 2940the id: 1200 and the character: .


the size: 2941the id: 1158 and the character: Th
the size: 2942the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 2943the id: 2164 and the character: Hat
the size: 2944the id: 2886 and the character: e ro
the size: 2945the id: 1845 and the character: se t
the size: 2946the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 2947the id: 1667 and the character: its
the size: 2948the id: 1726 and the character:  cl
the size: 2949the id: 815 and the character: im
the size: 2950the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 2951the id: 2825 and the character: x.
the size: 2952the id: 2156 and the character:  T
the size: 2953the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 2954the id: 2623 and the character: voice o
the size: 2955the id: 2490 and the character: f G
the size: 2956the id: 1711 and the character: olds
the size: 2957the id: 1325 and the character: tein 
the size: 2958the id: 2029 and the character: had b
the size: 2959the id: 564 and the character: ec
the size: 2960the id: 2373 and the character: ome
the size: 2961the id: 2284 and the character:  an 
the size: 2962the id: 1151 and the character: act
the size: 2963the id: 938 and the character: ual 
the size: 2964the id: 587 and the character: she
the size: 2965the id: 605 and the character: ep
the size: 2966the id: 1194 and the character: 's b
the size: 2967the id: 1855 and the character: lea
the size: 2968the id: 2292 and the character: t, 
the size: 2969the id: 952 and the character: and 
the size: 2970the id: 1215 and the character: for
the size: 2971the id: 2284 and the character:  an 
the size: 2972the id: 2113 and the character: inst
the size: 2973the id: 1357 and the character: ant
the size: 2974the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 2975the id: 1127 and the character: face 
the size: 2976the id: 2519 and the character: chan
the size: 2977the id: 672 and the character: ge
the size: 2978the id: 1294 and the character: d i
the size: 2979the id: 2522 and the character: nto
the size: 2980the id: 2168 and the character:  that o
the size: 2981the id: 1622 and the character: f a
the size: 2982the id: 2855 and the character:  she
the size: 2983the id: 605 and the character: ep
the size: 2984the id: 1660 and the character: . The
the size: 2985the id: 1319 and the character: n the 
the size: 2986the id: 2965 and the character: shee
the size: 2987the id: 606 and the character: p-
the size: 2988the id: 1127 and the character: face 
the size: 2989the id: 317 and the character: me
the size: 2990the id: 1418 and the character: lt
the size: 2991the id: 2521 and the character: ed in
the size: 2992the id: 2430 and the character: to the
the size: 2993the id: 722 and the character:  fi
the size: 2994the id: 1785 and the character: gu
the size: 2995the id: 1297 and the character: re 
the size: 2996the id: 1688 and the character: of a
the size: 2997the id: 1363 and the character:  Eu
the size: 2998the id: 1081 and the character: ras
the size: 2999the id: 2448 and the character: ian
the size: 3000the id: 1172 and the character:  sol
the size: 3001the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 3002the id: 1818 and the character: er w
the size: 3003the id: 402 and the character: ho
the size: 3004the id: 1543 and the character:  see
the size: 3005the id: 2532 and the character: med t
the size: 3006the id: 1565 and the character: o be
the size: 3007the id: 445 and the character:  a
the size: 3008the id: 100 and the character: d
the size: 3009the id: 1135 and the character: va
the size: 3010the id: 794 and the character: nc
the size: 3011the id: 323 and the character: ing
the size: 3012the id: 600 and the character: , h
the size: 3013the id: 1321 and the character: ug
the size: 3014the id: 2554 and the character: e a
the size: 3015the id: 591 and the character: nd t
the size: 3016the id: 1690 and the character: err
the size: 3017the id: 716 and the character: ib
the size: 3018the id: 2644 and the character: le, 
the size: 3019the id: 1481 and the character: his 
the size: 3020the id: 631 and the character: su
the size: 3021the id: 98 and the character: b
the size: 3022the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 3023the id: 2310 and the character: mac
the size: 3024the id: 1051 and the character: hin
the size: 3025the id: 318 and the character: e 
the size: 3026the id: 2031 and the character: gun
the size: 3027the id: 303 and the character:  r
the size: 3028the id: 475 and the character: oa
the size: 3029the id: 2716 and the character: ring
the size: 3030the id: 1277 and the character: , and 
the size: 3031the id: 2531 and the character: seem
the size: 3032the id: 796 and the character: ing t
the size: 3033the id: 698 and the character: o s
the size: 3034the id: 1107 and the character: pr
the size: 3035the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 3036the id: 1244 and the character: out 
the size: 3037the id: 1171 and the character: of the 
the size: 3038the id: 631 and the character: su
the size: 3039the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3040the id: 2724 and the character: face o
the size: 3041the id: 1824 and the character: f the
the size: 3042the id: 2923 and the character:  sc
the size: 3043the id: 2442 and the character: reen,
the size: 3044the id: 924 and the character:  so
the size: 3045the id: 1808 and the character:  that 
the size: 3046the id: 2604 and the character: some 
the size: 3047the id: 1171 and the character: of the 
the size: 3048the id: 2281 and the character: peopl
the size: 3049the id: 1526 and the character: e in 
the size: 3050the id: 2359 and the character: the f
the size: 3051the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 3052the id: 2680 and the character: nt 
the size: 3053the id: 1093 and the character: row 
the size: 3054the id: 2963 and the character: actu
the size: 3055the id: 902 and the character: all
the size: 3056the id: 1958 and the character: y f
the size: 3057the id: 736 and the character: lin
the size: 3058the id: 2348 and the character: ched 
the size: 3059the id: 1185 and the character: ba
the size: 3060the id: 666 and the character: ck
the size: 3061the id: 289 and the character: wa
the size: 3062the id: 481 and the character: rd
the size: 3063the id: 2256 and the character: s in 
the size: 3064the id: 535 and the character: the
the size: 3065the id: 1863 and the character: ir 
the size: 3066the id: 341 and the character: se
the size: 3067the id: 449 and the character: at
the size: 3068the id: 423 and the character: s.
the size: 3069the id: 2516 and the character:  B
the size: 3070the id: 1768 and the character: ut 
the size: 3071the id: 534 and the character: in t
the size: 3072the id: 1257 and the character: he s
the size: 3073the id: 2361 and the character: ame
the size: 3074the id: 2110 and the character:  mom
the size: 3075the id: 2374 and the character: ent
the size: 3076the id: 2434 and the character: , d
the size: 3077the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 3078the id: 2039 and the character: win
the size: 3079the id: 2859 and the character: g a
the size: 3080the id: 810 and the character:  de
the size: 3081the id: 605 and the character: ep
the size: 3082the id: 528 and the character:  si
the size: 3083the id: 703 and the character: gh
the size: 3084the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 3085the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 3086the id: 2461 and the character: lie
the size: 3087the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 3088the id: 2696 and the character: from
the size: 3089the id: 1434 and the character:  eve
the size: 3090the id: 875 and the character: ry
the size: 3091the id: 1437 and the character: bod
the size: 3092the id: 866 and the character: y, 
the size: 3093the id: 2560 and the character: the h
the size: 3094the id: 544 and the character: os
the size: 3095the id: 420 and the character: ti
the size: 3096the id: 527 and the character: le 
the size: 3097the id: 1264 and the character: fi
the size: 3098the id: 2995 and the character: gur
the size: 3099the id: 1065 and the character: e m
the size: 3100the id: 342 and the character: el
the size: 3101the id: 1650 and the character: ted 
the size: 3102the id: 2306 and the character: int
the size: 3103the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 3104the id: 2359 and the character: the f
the size: 3105the id: 584 and the character: ace 
the size: 3106the id: 2514 and the character: of B
the size: 3107the id: 783 and the character: ig
the size: 3108the id: 2516 and the character:  B
the size: 3109the id: 2405 and the character: rot
the size: 3110the id: 788 and the character: her,
the size: 3111the id: 2363 and the character:  bl
the size: 3112the id: 642 and the character: ack
the size: 3113the id: 2731 and the character: -hair
the size: 3114the id: 1490 and the character: ed, 
the size: 3115the id: 516 and the character: bl
the size: 3116the id: 3113 and the character: ack-
the size: 3117the id: 637 and the character: mou
the size: 3118the id: 1356 and the character: sta
the size: 3119the id: 684 and the character: chi
the size: 3120the id: 111 and the character: o
the size: 3121the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 3122the id: 1494 and the character: d, 
the size: 3123the id: 2790 and the character: full
the size: 3124the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 3125the id: 2619 and the character: power
the size: 3126the id: 1332 and the character:  and 
the size: 3127the id: 109 and the character: m
the size: 3128the id: 879 and the character: ys
the size: 3129the id: 1091 and the character: ter
the size: 3130the id: 1040 and the character: iou
the size: 3131the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 3132the id: 882 and the character: cal
the size: 3133the id: 2483 and the character: m,
the size: 3134the id: 1584 and the character:  and s
the size: 3135the id: 284 and the character: o 
the size: 3136the id: 1624 and the character: vas
the size: 3137the id: 1358 and the character: t th
the size: 3138the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 3139the id: 2073 and the character: it 
the size: 3140the id: 299 and the character: al
the size: 3141the id: 306 and the character: mo
the size: 3142the id: 1625 and the character: st 
the size: 3143the id: 1264 and the character: fi
the size: 3144the id: 300 and the character: ll
the size: 3145the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 3146the id: 1502 and the character: up t
the size: 3147the id: 2726 and the character: he scr
the size: 3148the id: 693 and the character: een
the size: 3149the id: 1791 and the character: . N
the size: 3150the id: 2171 and the character: ob
the size: 3151the id: 930 and the character: od
the size: 3152the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 3153the id: 753 and the character: hea
the size: 3154the id: 481 and the character: rd
the size: 3155the id: 459 and the character:  wh
the size: 3156the id: 682 and the character: at 
the size: 3157the id: 2528 and the character: Big B
the size: 3158the id: 3110 and the character: roth
the size: 3159the id: 1818 and the character: er w
the size: 3160the id: 2119 and the character: as s
the size: 3161the id: 257 and the character: ay
the size: 3162the id: 323 and the character: ing
the size: 3163the id: 1736 and the character: . It 
the size: 3164the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 3165the id: 2617 and the character: mer
the size: 3166the id: 342 and the character: el
the size: 3167the id: 454 and the character: y a
the size: 3168the id: 1330 and the character:  fe
the size: 3169the id: 501 and the character: w 
the size: 3170the id: 1639 and the character: wor
the size: 3171the id: 2210 and the character: ds 
the size: 3172the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 3173the id: 1538 and the character: enc
the size: 3174the id: 307 and the character: ou
the size: 3175the id: 2325 and the character: rage
the size: 3176the id: 1821 and the character: ment
the size: 3177the id: 2407 and the character: , the
the size: 3178the id: 924 and the character:  so
the size: 3179the id: 926 and the character: rt
the size: 3180the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 3181the id: 3171 and the character: word
the size: 3182the id: 1714 and the character: s th
the size: 3183the id: 2817 and the character: at a
the size: 3184the id: 1297 and the character: re 
the size: 3185the id: 1937 and the character: utt
the size: 3186the id: 1238 and the character: ere
the size: 3187the id: 2979 and the character: d in
the size: 3188the id: 1124 and the character:  the 
the size: 3189the id: 1811 and the character: din
the size: 3190the id: 585 and the character:  of 
the size: 3191the id: 1185 and the character: ba
the size: 3192the id: 1906 and the character: ttl
the size: 3193the id: 596 and the character: e, 
the size: 3194the id: 2167 and the character: not 
the size: 3195the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 3196the id: 1729 and the character: sti
the size: 3197the id: 737 and the character: ng
the size: 3198the id: 117 and the character: u
the size: 3199the id: 1137 and the character: ish
the size: 3200the id: 695 and the character: abl
the size: 3201the id: 998 and the character: e in
the size: 3202the id: 322 and the character: di
the size: 3203the id: 2133 and the character: vi
the size: 3204the id: 1160 and the character: du
the size: 3205the id: 3056 and the character: ally
the size: 3206the id: 2393 and the character:  bu
the size: 3207the id: 575 and the character: t r
the size: 3208the id: 1012 and the character: est
the size: 3209the id: 1483 and the character: ori
the size: 3210the id: 840 and the character: ng 
the size: 3211the id: 820 and the character: con
the size: 3212the id: 1264 and the character: fi
the size: 3213the id: 1889 and the character: den
the size: 3214the id: 1539 and the character: ce 
the size: 3215the id: 1570 and the character: by 
the size: 3216the id: 3105 and the character: the fa
the size: 3217the id: 2176 and the character: ct 
the size: 3218the id: 524 and the character: of 
the size: 3219the id: 479 and the character: be
the size: 3220the id: 626 and the character: ing 
the size: 3221the id: 512 and the character: sp
the size: 3222the id: 1478 and the character: ok
the size: 3223the id: 277 and the character: en
the size: 3224the id: 2985 and the character: . Then
the size: 3225the id: 2975 and the character:  the f
the size: 3226the id: 3106 and the character: ace o
the size: 3227the id: 392 and the character: f 
the size: 3228the id: 3158 and the character: Big Br
the size: 3229the id: 1663 and the character: other
the size: 3230the id: 583 and the character:  fa
the size: 3231the id: 1944 and the character: ded 
the size: 3232the id: 97 and the character: a
the size: 3233the id: 1827 and the character: way 
the size: 3234the id: 2558 and the character: agai
the size: 3235the id: 1469 and the character: n,
the size: 3236the id: 1332 and the character:  and 
the size: 3237the id: 2113 and the character: inst
the size: 3238the id: 2693 and the character: ead
the size: 3239the id: 1278 and the character:  the t
the size: 3240the id: 356 and the character: hr
the size: 3241the id: 477 and the character: ee 
the size: 3242the id: 115 and the character: s
the size: 3243the id: 537 and the character: lo
the size: 3244the id: 1508 and the character: ga
the size: 3245the id: 1233 and the character: ns o
the size: 3246the id: 3042 and the character: f the 
the size: 3247the id: 1814 and the character: Party
the size: 3248the id: 939 and the character:  st
the size: 3249the id: 1665 and the character: ood
the size: 3250the id: 2428 and the character:  ou
the size: 3251the id: 1974 and the character: t i
the size: 3252the id: 1476 and the character: n b
the size: 3253the id: 1422 and the character: old
the size: 3254the id: 485 and the character:  c
the size: 3255the id: 1856 and the character: api
the size: 3256the id: 641 and the character: ta
the size: 3257the id: 108 and the character: l
the size: 3258the id: 967 and the character: s:
the size: 3259the id: 346 and the character: 


the size: 3260the id: 87 and the character: W
the size: 3261the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 3262the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 3263the id: 2077 and the character:  I
the size: 3264the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 3265the id: 1611 and the character:  P
the size: 3266the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3267the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 3268the id: 67 and the character: C
the size: 3269the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3270the id: 346 and the character: 


the size: 3271the id: 70 and the character: F
the size: 3272the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 3273the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3274the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3275the id: 68 and the character: D
the size: 3276the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 3277the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 3278the id: 3264 and the character:  IS
the size: 3279the id: 2042 and the character:  S
the size: 3280the id: 76 and the character: L
the size: 3281the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 3282the id: 86 and the character: V
the size: 3283the id: 69 and the character: E
the size: 3284the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 3285the id: 89 and the character: Y
the size: 3286the id: 1833 and the character: 

I
the size: 3287the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 3288the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 3289the id: 79 and the character: O
the size: 3290the id: 82 and the character: R
the size: 3291the id: 65 and the character: A
the size: 3292the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 3293the id: 3269 and the character: CE
the size: 3294the id: 3279 and the character:  IS 
the size: 3295the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 3296the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 3297the id: 3273 and the character: RE
the size: 3298the id: 78 and the character: N
the size: 3299the id: 71 and the character: G
the size: 3300the id: 84 and the character: T
the size: 3301the id: 72 and the character: H
the size: 3302the id: 346 and the character: 


the size: 3303the id: 1407 and the character: Bu
the size: 3304the id: 2155 and the character: t the 
the size: 3305the id: 3041 and the character: face of
the size: 3306the id: 2516 and the character:  B
the size: 3307the id: 3108 and the character: ig 
the size: 3308the id: 2529 and the character: Brothe
the size: 3309the id: 465 and the character: r 
the size: 3310the id: 2899 and the character: seeme
the size: 3311the id: 1189 and the character: d to
the size: 3312the id: 570 and the character:  pe
the size: 3313the id: 264 and the character: rs
the size: 3314the id: 2597 and the character: ist
the size: 3315the id: 1181 and the character:  fo
the size: 3316the id: 3310 and the character: r s
the size: 3317the id: 1444 and the character: ever
the size: 3318the id: 299 and the character: al
the size: 3319the id: 1219 and the character:  sec
the size: 3320the id: 2209 and the character: ond
the size: 3321the id: 1779 and the character: s on
the size: 3322the id: 2627 and the character:  the s
the size: 3323the id: 1468 and the character: creen
the size: 3324the id: 492 and the character: , a
the size: 3325the id: 1996 and the character: s tho
the size: 3326the id: 2274 and the character: ugh 
the size: 3327the id: 550 and the character: the 
the size: 3328the id: 1761 and the character: imp
the size: 3329the id: 1151 and the character: act
the size: 3330the id: 1808 and the character:  that 
the size: 3331the id: 2073 and the character: it 
the size: 3332the id: 893 and the character: had 
the size: 3333the id: 1887 and the character: mad
the size: 3334the id: 1272 and the character: e on
the size: 3335the id: 3090 and the character:  ever
the size: 3336the id: 2857 and the character: yo
the size: 3337the id: 379 and the character: ne
the size: 3338the id: 1037 and the character: 's 
the size: 3339the id: 1523 and the character: ey
the size: 3340the id: 2801 and the character: eb
the size: 3341the id: 902 and the character: all
the size: 3342the id: 1561 and the character: s wa
the size: 3343the id: 1026 and the character: s t
the size: 3344the id: 598 and the character: oo
the size: 3345the id: 634 and the character:  v
the size: 3346the id: 2740 and the character: ivi
the size: 3347the id: 3312 and the character: d to 
the size: 3348the id: 1285 and the character: we
the size: 3349the id: 1383 and the character: ar 
the size: 3350the id: 2091 and the character: off
the size: 3351the id: 285 and the character:  i
the size: 3352the id: 2264 and the character: mme
the size: 3353the id: 354 and the character: dia
the size: 3354the id: 1059 and the character: tel
the size: 3355the id: 2104 and the character: y. 
the size: 3356the id: 2942 and the character: The
the size: 3357the id: 1904 and the character:  l
the size: 3358the id: 286 and the character: it
the size: 3359the id: 507 and the character: tl
the size: 3360the id: 1129 and the character: e s
the size: 3361the id: 493 and the character: and
the size: 3362the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 3363the id: 270 and the character: ha
the size: 3364the id: 2017 and the character: ire
the size: 3365the id: 2381 and the character: d w
the size: 3366the id: 1914 and the character: oma
the size: 3367the id: 2028 and the character: n h
the size: 3368the id: 754 and the character: ad
the size: 3369the id: 439 and the character:  f
the size: 3370the id: 2318 and the character: lun
the size: 3371the id: 2763 and the character: g he
the size: 3372the id: 264 and the character: rs
the size: 3373the id: 342 and the character: el
the size: 3374the id: 3088 and the character: f f
the size: 3375the id: 925 and the character: or
the size: 3376the id: 3062 and the character: war
the size: 3377the id: 523 and the character: d o
the size: 3378the id: 1542 and the character: ver 
the size: 3379the id: 1184 and the character: the b
the size: 3380the id: 642 and the character: ack
the size: 3381the id: 1128 and the character:  of the
the size: 3382the id: 2938 and the character:  cha
the size: 3383the id: 1863 and the character: ir 
the size: 3384the id: 331 and the character: in 
the size: 3385the id: 1899 and the character: fro
the size: 3386the id: 2821 and the character: nt o
the size: 3387the id: 1349 and the character: f h
the size: 3388the id: 1405 and the character: er.
the size: 3389the id: 2112 and the character:  Wi
the size: 3390the id: 2452 and the character: th a
the size: 3391the id: 540 and the character:  t
the size: 3392the id: 309 and the character: re
the size: 3393the id: 1300 and the character: mu
the size: 3394the id: 537 and the character: lo
the size: 3395the id: 638 and the character: us 
the size: 3396the id: 1300 and the character: mu
the size: 3397the id: 731 and the character: rm
the size: 3398the id: 308 and the character: ur
the size: 3399the id: 3046 and the character:  that s
the size: 3400the id: 1188 and the character: ound
the size: 3401the id: 580 and the character: ed 
the size: 3402the id: 2283 and the character: like 
the size: 3403the id: 39 and the character: '
the size: 3404the id: 77 and the character: M
the size: 3405the id: 302 and the character: y 
the size: 3406the id: 83 and the character: S
the size: 3407the id: 2808 and the character: avi
the size: 3408the id: 3175 and the character: our
the size: 3409the id: 33 and the character: !
the size: 3410the id: 1177 and the character: ' 
the size: 3411the id: 2054 and the character: she 
the size: 3412the id: 1105 and the character: ex
the size: 3413the id: 2598 and the character: ten
the size: 3414the id: 1944 and the character: ded 
the size: 3415the id: 2877 and the character: her a
the size: 3416the id: 731 and the character: rm
the size: 3417the id: 3344 and the character: s to
the size: 3418the id: 3377 and the character: ward
the size: 3419the id: 1764 and the character: s the
the size: 3420the id: 3043 and the character:  scr
the size: 3421the id: 3149 and the character: een.
the size: 3422the id: 2953 and the character:  Th
the size: 3423the id: 1581 and the character: en s
the size: 3424the id: 582 and the character: he 
the size: 3425the id: 779 and the character: bu
the size: 3426the id: 366 and the character: ri
the size: 3427the id: 2437 and the character: ed h
the size: 3428the id: 2789 and the character: er f
the size: 3429the id: 584 and the character: ace 
the size: 3430the id: 1975 and the character: in h
the size: 3431the id: 381 and the character: er 
the size: 3432the id: 1359 and the character: han
the size: 3433the id: 966 and the character: ds
the size: 3434the id: 3164 and the character: . It w
the size: 3435the id: 290 and the character: as 
the size: 3436the id: 271 and the character: ap
the size: 3437the id: 2178 and the character: par
the size: 3438the id: 2427 and the character: ent 
the size: 3439the id: 1416 and the character: that 
the size: 3440the id: 2054 and the character: she 
the size: 3441the id: 569 and the character: was 
the size: 3442the id: 3186 and the character: utte
the size: 3443the id: 2716 and the character: ring
the size: 3444the id: 2177 and the character:  a p
the size: 3445the id: 357 and the character: ra
the size: 3446the id: 495 and the character: ye
the size: 3447the id: 114 and the character: r
the size: 3448the id: 1200 and the character: .


the size: 3449the id: 2501 and the character: At
the size: 3450the id: 1531 and the character:  thi
the size: 3451the id: 273 and the character: s 
the size: 3452the id: 2820 and the character: momen
the size: 3453the id: 2155 and the character: t the 
the size: 3454the id: 2374 and the character: ent
the size: 3455the id: 2243 and the character: ire 
the size: 3456the id: 2278 and the character: group
the size: 3457the id: 3125 and the character:  of p
the size: 3458the id: 2478 and the character: eopl
the size: 3459the id: 1239 and the character: e b
the size: 3460the id: 786 and the character: ro
the size: 3461the id: 1270 and the character: ke 
the size: 3462the id: 3103 and the character: into
the size: 3463the id: 484 and the character:  a 
the size: 3464the id: 510 and the character: de
the size: 3465the id: 605 and the character: ep
the size: 3466the id: 1371 and the character: , s
the size: 3467the id: 2364 and the character: low
the size: 3468the id: 266 and the character: , 
the size: 3469the id: 1163 and the character: rh
the size: 3470the id: 121 and the character: y
the size: 3471the id: 1165 and the character: thm
the size: 3472the id: 1339 and the character: ical
the size: 3473the id: 2938 and the character:  cha
the size: 3474the id: 3387 and the character: nt of
the size: 3475the id: 32 and the character:  
the size: 3476the id: 1951 and the character: 'B
the size: 3477the id: 45 and the character: -
the size: 3478the id: 66 and the character: B
the size: 3479the id: 2041 and the character: ! 
the size: 3480the id: 46 and the character: .
the size: 3481the id: 3481 and the character: null
